Powered by an absent minded kick, the synth was sent careening head over heels down the stairs. A smear of scarlet as she bounced off the last few steps and landed in a heap. A painful groan escaped the poor skunk as her consciousness restarted. Physics had kept anything from breaking but not by much. Tonight she had the guest role of...a…drumroll...mop! Cold broke the weird mental fantasy and Pepper’s brain jumpstarted. Short, bright red and white, fur had greedily decided to go ahead and get drunk without her.

One last huff and she began to piece herself back together from the puddle of liquid and fur. She got up. Nervous hands attempted to wring out the sugary alcohol. Face scrunched, dreading the hardened mess her fur would turn into. A few angry snaps dried her tail. A few flecks of alcohol splattered into the air catching the glow of the rotating lights.

Pepper crossed her arms, fuming. Already sticky tufts weighed her down like a deep pressure. Weakly a flaccid mohawk slid sideways into her face. Turquoise paw pads tucked it absentmindedly behind a pointed ear. Pacing in a circle, she calmed herself and pondered.

Shadows interrupted. The mephitine leapt back in fear as the familiar paws of a lion thundered by with a date. The skunk flinched as giant heels racked sharply across the tile. The heavy dance music drowned out the looming duo. From her angle Pepper could barely see them laughing back and forth, oblivious, as they disappeared down the hall to the next room.

The name of the bar hung on the wall, alternating in neon on and off. “The Elephant’s Raveyard” flashed grey and yellow. Underneath a stylized mammoth skull laughed. The crowd outside had been long, loud, and boisterous. Pepper had been scared to sneak in but as long as she played it cool nobody would figure it out, but she still needed to find help.

Teeth bit into lips as she thought.

If not so rudely punted she could have used the micro specified path above the hustle of the crowd. The stairs seemed too daunting a climb. Perhaps easier to venture through the jungle of skin, fur, scale, and feather to the bar instead. An employee would be nice enough to help her back up. Internally she pouted, not really liking any of this.

Loud clops prefaced a tall broad-shouldered fallow deer coming down the stairs. Left antler snapped about midway, he still held himself confidently. Each step made a black shirt pull tightly across his chest.

Pepper’s ears perked with the stewing idea. She got on all fours and prepped herself. Black diamond hooves crashed against cold linoleum, bright and shiny like swinging guillotines. Count the timing.

3...2...

She ran and pounced, hooking the end of the jeans with sharp little claws.

She hung there, taking a second. A deep sigh of relief before scampering forward. Up his jeans, over a large well defined rump, she clutched at a belt loop, breath caught in the anticipation.

Without breaking stride, the deer entered the main area of the bar. He was impressed. Booths and chairs were filled to the brim as various races talked excitedly. Headsized fruity drinks were being split while hookahs were lazily sucked down; long drags regurgitating fruity fumes. Waiters bustled in the fast paced environment serving appetizers as dragons breathed hot multicolored life into coals. The exhales hung low. Smoke permeated into the oscillating crowd that consumed the dance floor, dj mixing from the corner wall, a thick heavy rhythm. The bar wrapped against the opposite side.

Thankfully for Pepper, the deer wanted to get his palette wet. A cheetah got up, deciding she drunkenly wanted to go dance with her friend. Without hesitation, the tired cervine seized the opportunity. Abandoning ship, Pepper deftly jumped to the friend’s chair. The deer didn't even notice. The synth took a few seconds to breathe and calm herself from all the stimulus before scampering up the still-warm black leather. She looked around. Too far from the bartop to jump. Maybe try to catch the bartender’s attention. She waved her tail like a flag.

Moodily a marbled fox gave a yawn, jaws shutting with a quick snap. All night and nobody had caught his attention. It wasn't that he was being picky more so nobody was meeting his standards. Yeah that was it, he told himself.

The vulpine threw back a shot. Tongue followed along a pointy snout, savoring the burn. The kangaroo that had been a little too superficial earlier was eyeballing him still. Standards lowered with each soft smile sent when the ass of a buck tugged his attention. Lazily his gaze ate up the newcomer before sharply focusing on a speck of red. A small skunk? clung for life as the deer headed to the end of the bar.

Confident none had noticed, Fiddle got out of his seat, trying to hide each mischievous tail twitch. The most marbled of the three settled calmly like a belt while the white and black each loosely wrapped around the other. Casually sauntering over, feminine hips given a slight sway, he made way to the empty chair. With the two covetous fingers the small synth was snatched and scooped away as he sat down. Deer and bartender none the wiser as Fiddle ordered another drink. Stealthily the twintail deposited her into an awaiting palm.

Elbows on the bar, he clasped both hands together. Chin resting on thumbs the sharp sweet scent of pepper tickled his nose. Long ears flicked questiongly. Large velvety tongue darted forward and the “micro” yipped. Two licks and a flavorful extract coated his tongue.

“You look lost down here. I'll keep you safe.” The lies practically dripped. He couldn't help but smile as she resisted. What a jackpot! In one smooth motion that looked as if he was simply adjusting he popped her into his pants.

The clumsy yell cut off as warmth and darkness surrounded the synthetic skunk. Brain raced as her heart pounded. Was she figured out?

The air was thick and hot. Musky almost. It made her nose twitch. Multiple sneezes in rapid succession. Like a spicy cinnamon and something else. Pressure from above made standing impossible. Underneath fingertips all she could feel was soft fur, like a downy fuzz, but the skin was floppier than normal and moved. She poked and kneaded, not quite placing the texture. Something large and solid nearby shifted. Had she been stuffed into a pouch? Something wasn’t quite right. In the near complete darkness she couldn't tell. Tentatively she crawled forward.

Fiddle grinned as he felt her prods. Wasn’t his problem some idiot lost their private synth. Couldn’t have asked for a better predicament personally. Quietly he waited for his order. Head tilted back, eyes closed as the chair swiveled back and forth, he enjoyed the sweet sensation of the synths exploration.

With an eye catching thrust, Fiddle sprung from his seat. The buck drawn watched as the lithe body stretched, arms reaching for the sky. Back muscles popped in rapid succession as the vulpine twisted, showing off a rather impressive flexibility.

The world was an unending tumble. Unable to see, dug face first into the fox, she could do nothing but grumble. Flesh molded around her and coated her in a bitter musk. Lungs seized, trying to cough but caught in her throat. Intense heat pulsed from the right as an orb underneath surged and flexed. Damn fox, what was he doing?

Fiddle finished his stretch with a groan, buzzed from the alcohol coursing through his veins. Well maybe past a buzz. He took a seat at half mast. A quick scratch and nudge, pushed the skunk towards a swelling sheath. An uncontrolled shiver made his fur stand delightfully on end.

Realization dawned as she was dragged across hot flesh. The acrid smell was overwhelming as she was wedged between shaft and pants. Excitement leaked across her fur as the pressure built harder and harder until with a shuddering throb, head surged free and consumed her body down to her hips. Frustrated, she wiggled and thrashed. Toes reached and flexed for purchase. Failing, her tail gave a defeated flick.

Fiddle lightly stroked himself through his pants. Thrashing knees kicked against the underside of his head, electing a small groan of pleasure. The deer glanced his way and met his sultry gaze with confidence. The bartender interrupted. Two drinks were passed. One to an imp, the other a gentleman.

Fiddle gave the bartender a coy smile and silently slipped him a tip across the interface. The bartender nodded and followed along, telling the buck that his drink was on the house and motioned towards the fox.

The buck thanked the tender and eyed his flamboyant offering. “Here I thought you were just a nice dame,” he smirked.

“I’m a lot of things, handsome.” Fiddle arched his back seductively, crossing his legs. The buck finally noticed the erection showing off.

Without missing a beat. “Next time I should order you a drink.” Four fingered hand brushed playfully over Fiddle’s shaft. A finger swiped across a head and made the fox moan and buck forward. Unknowingly Pepper’s hips were pushed in the last of the way. Deeper and father the red skunk was eaten by eager muscles. As Fiddle thrusted against the deer’s huge hand the purple inners of his ears darkened in a blush. The buck continued to tease the fox’s shaft a few more times before parting with a light brush across his thigh. Fiddle twitched. That had felt a little too good. Too close for just a few strokes.

Hands ran up the deer’s muscular arm, a seductive wink before slipping off his chair. Leaning up to reach his hot breath whispered, “This is my favorite song.” Tails playfully tried to wiggle underneath the tight shirt. “I’ll be back for that offer.”

The fox’s heartbeat thundered in rhythm around the synth, steady in her ears like a drum. Barely able to move in her small prison her body was held tight by all the pressure. She wasn’t fearful though. Genetically speaking she was made for this. Once the fox had his fun he would go soft and she could crawl her way out if his body didn’t do the job for her. Just had to be patient. She growled in a whiny annoyance and gave a few useless struggles.

As Fiddle headed to the dance floor casually he checked his pants. Only a drooling cock stared back. No skunk but he could feel her in his base. What a fun little toy she was being. Muscles tensed trying to pull the synth deeper. Barely, he stopped himself from cumming as his cock jumped a few times, straining against the cloth.

Where’s the end of him, Pepper thought annoyed as his prostate massaged her hungrily, coating her in a variety of different fluids and textures. She enjoyed his taste.

There was still more to her journey as the fox’s body continued to clench and help her along until with a wet squelch she was ejected into salty depths. Oxygen traded with mobility and she headed towards the surface. Faintly the bass could be heard from outside competing with thundering heartbeats. A fine mess she had gotten herself into tonight. Family jewels her ass.

She waded, feet unable to touch bottom. The surface continuously sloshed and churned around, outside movements causing crests to go over her head. Quickly she swam to the side, clinging to the solid yet textured flesh. The walls pulsed intensely with blood. She had doubts his erection was going to go away on its own and she had other ways she wanted to spend the night than curled up inside a fox. She pressed against the sensitive walls, wiggling and massaging as much as she could reach.

Fiddle was making his way into the crowd. He could feel a spot where precum was slowly gathering and dripping down his thigh. Private synths were very enthusiastic indeed. Maybe he should buy one. On the far side of the crowd a blonde cheetah caught his eye, shaking her hips hard as her skirt flared and bobbed to the music. No underwear.

He found his mark.

Sliding into the crowd, he began dancing his way over to her. Impressed with his moves and still tipsy herself the cheetah invited him over. Confidently he began dancing with her. After a song, she ground her ass against him, feeling his large package grind. She closed her eyes in relish.

She spun around and gave him a sneaky smile. Leading him over to the side, hidden from the eyes of the staff who cared, she pushed him flat against the wall. Eagerly her ass ground against him. He placed his hands on her hips and nibbled on her ear. As she shivered, tails started on the buttons to his pants. He loved her look when his cock leapt forward, hard and ready. Surprise turned into content as she grinded him between her cheeks. Wiggling up and down, she pressed backwards against him. Small hand reached around and began rubbing and fondling his balls as he gave his own finger a nice long lick. Nice and wet, he stretched her tight opening.

Hand fell away as her brain focused on the finger dipping in and out. Fiddle’s other slipped under her shirt and grabbed her boob. He played with her tit as head grinded against her hole but stopped when the synth hit a particularly pleasurable spot and a gush of cum escaped.

Damn thing was too good. He didn’t have the time for foreplay.

The cheetah glanced back at him, annoyed.

Why the delay.

Spotted tail wrapped around his leg, coaxing him. Fiddle couldn’t resist. Head pushed forward, flared edges popping smoothly into her. He paused and let her adjust, easing himself. Slowly. Slowly. He tried not be greedy and slam fuck her. Soft thrusts, each time wiggling further and further. He got about half way when she started bouncing lightly up and down of her own accord.

A steady slosh built as a rhythm was set. An erratic heartbeat the only thing Pepper had to ground herself. Orientation meant nothing in the tight constricted chamber when she was flung around. Down was up, up was sideways, and backwards was constant. Desperately she tried to stay above the liquid. More mixed into the chamber and she held her breath. The concern was fleeting as the muscles around her changed and a pressure began to build against her body. She braced.

Fiddle slammed all the way into the cheetah holding himself as he unloaded. He could feel the synth start to move through him. After the third and fourth cum spurt he felt her enter the base. Abruptly he pulled out, gripping himself hard, preventing her escape.

The cheetah gave a slightly annoyed gasp. She had been so close to cumming again. He gave her ear another small nibble as his free hand shot forward to pet her lips. He stretched her open, fingers ran along her entrance. So wet from the excitement. Fingers dipped into her, short and shallow, building a rhythm. It didn't take long until her walls were tightening around his hand and she gave a small moan.

Slowly he licked the cum off long spindly fingers.

She leaned against the wall next to him, relearning how to breath as he put himself back. With a parting kiss, he headed back to the bar and to the awaiting buck. No way he was letting his synth escape, the night was just starting.
[https://www.sofurry.com/view/1609641](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1609641)

Don't forget to find me on:

SoFurry -  [https://amadeus-wolfpaw.sofurry.com/](https://amadeus-wolfpaw.sofurry.com/)

FurAffinity -  [https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ameswolfpaw/](https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ameswolfpaw/)

And Furry Amino! I upload content every day for the freaks! See you guys later. - Ames

https://preview.redd.it/q2nak5txp7e51.png?width=1704&format=png&auto=webp&s=4f50a2353a4e3656804a54179c1baece24c9a94a


the background seems to be Kat from twokinds! ^^
Lila the tigress gets more than she bargained for when a hunky grey wolf shows up to her party!  
[https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38528651/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38528651/)
Hi, freaks! My new story, "Struck!" is now available on SoFurry: [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1622736](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1622736)

And on FurAffinity: [https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38008816/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38008816/)

New chapter for "No-go with Bogo?!" dropping tonight! Hope I'll see you all then.

Stay freaky! - Ames
You hear your girlfriend call you for help with her science project across the house. You, not having anything important, decide to walk over to her room to see what she needs help with. Your girlfriend is a sexy furry wolf and her tits are big and jiggle like jelly. Whenever you see her naked after she showers your dick gets stone-hard. However, both of you have not had sex yet but you secretly want to. You go to your girlfriend's house and see that she is on the bed with some papers around the place. She turns around and sees you and opens the door. "So, what's your project about?", you ask, looking at the mess of paper. "It's about the reproductive system and the teacher wants us to do a practical experiment.", she says with a small smirk on her face. You immediately think she's hinting something to you but you continue acting normal. She closes the bedroom door and you sit down with her. "Wow, it's quite hot in this room.", she says. You go to switch on the fan but then she stops you and says it's broken. "You know what, I'll just take off my clothes. That'll be much cooler." She strips down until her bottom half of her body is naked. She removes her bra and you see her tits drop and jiggle. You start feeling a bit warm and you know what she's trying to tell you so you ask if you can take off your clothes. She agrees and you take off your clothes until you're naked. She stares at your dick, as she subtly licks her lips. "Sitting on the bed gets very uncomfortable. I need something new to sit on." You immediately know you're about to have some fun so you ask what options she has in mind. "I could get a chair but it takes a long time to get one. How about I sit on your face~" You agree immediately and lie down on the bed, ready for her juicy buns to caress your face and her vagina to lick. The buns slowly lower as you open your mouth and stick your tongue out. Your tongue sinks into her vagina and you start licking her clit. She moans and says, "Wow... I feel so good...this...is...great..." You continue licking her clit and enjoy the warmth of the buttcheeks on your face. The taste is wonderful and you savour her vagina. She stands up and says she wants you to start fucking her. "What about a condom?",you ask. She goes to her closet and turns around with a condom in her mouth. The look of her naked with a condom in her mouth looks super sexy. She rips it open and places it over your erect penis for you. She then turns around and spreads her legs and butt, exposing her vagina, beckoning you to bring the sausage to the bun. You start thrusting in and out of her and she moans and you slowly start cumming. Her silky smooth vaginal walls are perfect and you don't even need lube. You thrust in and out even more and start cumming. Meanwhile she moans even louder as you enjoy this moment. You cum even more before she says you should taste something else. You pull your wet dick out of her and see that she is holding her tits and pointing it at you. It looks so juicy and tasty that you don't even hesitate and start sucking on her boobs. She looks at you a small smirk while you savour her giant melons. "Well, I should repay the favour of tasting some of your genitals.", you say as you stand up and point your penis at her face. She stares at it and then enjoys the big sausage. You look down and see her sucking on your dick and you start cumming and moaning in delight. She then asks you to lie down on the bed and surrounds your penis with her boobs and starts stroking it with her tits. You see them jiggle which looks fantastic and the fact that you start cumming makes you feel so good! She savours the sausage one more time and smacks her lips. "Your cum is so delicious~", she says with cum dripping from her mouth. After both of you are done  with the fun, you cuddle with her on the bed, holding and squeezing her boobs while she strokes your dick. "That was really fun~ You really helped with my project~", she says with a smile on her face. Both of you eventually fall asleep on the bed in exhaustion with both of you hugging each other.
We've been getting to another game after our previous small M/M project and have written one with up to 450 decisions currently and a ton of characters to meet and... interact with ;)   


Interactive story is on a Telegram Bot. Here's the link:  [http://t.me/furryadventurebot](http://t.me/furryadventurebot) 

“Dude turn right! turn right! turn right! You can flank ’em. ”

“No, if I got that way I’m gonna-I’m gonna-” Nathaniel bit his lip to focus. The soldier on screen  ran into the next room, sight already drawn. The game controller clicked and rattled violently as and enemy team member grunted and died. An echoing boom made the pink and grey lion side eye his minimap. “Fuck. They already have the observatory.” 

“Nobody ever remembers to check the canyon path. Go get the missile strike. You’re gonna get shot up either way.” 

The cat ignored the panda. The character ran across the bridge, towards the base. He’d clocked in way more hours of playtime. He knew what he was doing. 

Chad rolled his eyes and swiftly downed the last of his orange soda. Tiny fingers were easily able to crunch and crack the can down into a disk. He rolled the final product across the table. A few wobbly spins and it settled. Satisfied, the brown and white panda sunk deeper into the couch, melting into the overly large red hoodie. Words oozed across the front in faded lettering but they had been impossible to make out for a while. 

Right as the doorbell rang the soldier onscreen buckled as a sniper shot took him through the head. “Fuck!” Nathaniel snarled, throwing down the controller.

“Yeah, yeah, go get the pizza,” Chad smiled. “And stop breaking controllers while you’re at it.”

The doorbell rang again.

Moodily Nathaniel exited to the lobby with dramatic heavy button presses. Snatching shorts from the floor and cash pile from the coffee table, he headed towards the door. With each shimming step he flailed more into his clothes.  

With a stretch, Chad got up from the couch as well. Thick back muscles gave a few meaty pops and he groaned as the old hoodie barely rose above his knees. Casually he swiped the bong and headed to the bathroom. The normal clumsy panda was super careful as he changed the water. A dragon friend had gifted him the piece for his birthday. Using her own flame, she’d meticulously shaped the foot and a half wonder into a sugar cane. Most the time it was mistaken for bamboo but Chad didn’t mind. 
 
When he came out all heavy eyed the pizza boxes were spread out across the table. Porkrind’s Pizza Emporium spread across in large blocky writing as a large pig winked. Nathaniel, already back down to boxers, was shoving another slice of spicy buffalo chicken down his throat. Oddly there was another bottle of weed on the table that hadn’t been there before.

“Chewy on delivery again?”

“Yagh heff godg shma new shiff. Thsrily goofh” Nathaniel spit out, trying not to lose any chicken in the process.

“Swallow,” Chad advised as he opened his own box. Grease and salt wafted. The bear dug into the spinach artichoke hands first. The fragrant slice dripping olive oil and cheese across the others. Why use plates for pizza? Just a needless step for the both of them. 

 “Yeah that rat got some new shit in. Says it’s all the rage. Rich college kids are smoking it. Asshole made me pay a pretty penny.” Nathaniel tossed the bottle over. Chad caught it mid air and popped the cap one handed. He glanced down at what looked like heavily coated moon rocks and gave a deep sniff. Blue raspberry mixed delightfully with an earthy rosemary. Just faintly something bitter underneath, but it was fleeting. He was barely even sure it was there. Raspberry Rocks was scribbled on the front in crayon. Each letter a different color in broken hand writing. Reminded him of a child’s scrawl.

“Smells good, but something’s little off. I wouldn’t trust it you never know when he cheaps out.” He closed the cap and shoved the rest of the slice in his mouth.

“Everything smells weird to you,” Nathaniel chided. “I checked it at the door. It’s fine. He’s just as likely to bring us fire.” 

Chad shrugged it off. That was his point. There was plenty of weed. Nathaniel could do what he wanted to.

They continued to eat and chat. Nathaniel had started out strong, finishing nearly his whole pie but fell a few slices short. Chad on the other hand consumed his in its entirety. Gut gurgled happily as he cleaned his teeth while Nathaniel complained his didn’t have enough chicken. Chad tossed his toothpick into the ashtray. The pineapple etched into the middle, barely visible. 

“Pussin’ out today?” Nathaniel grumbled as the bear reached for the grinder. With well practiced movements, Chad unscrewed the metal. A fruity whiff of hybrid tickled his nose. The higher notes smelled way better to him as he packed his bowl large and loose. Short brown fingers kept slipping on the lighter. He wiped away the grease across his hoodie and his bowl lit up in a crackle of orange.  Bubbles rapidly popped as he took a long well practiced hit, holding in the smoke before exhaling through his nose. Sensitive nostrils stung so bad his eyes started to water but he thought it made the high that much better so he held through. 

It was Nathaniel's turn to roll his eyes as Chad finally coughed. The room pungent as the haze settled. Smelled vaguely of pine thought the panda as he passed over the bong. He laid back into the couch, sinking nicely. 

“Don’t need adventure with flower like this.”

Nathaniel ashed out the bowl and packed a tiny bit from the grinder. Using his claws, he shaved one of the moon rocks in half and broke it over. He pulled out his cheap lighter. The green plastic was jerry-rigged into a tiny flamethrower. He torched half the bowl, mane lifting as his chest puffed out.

“Nothing but fire,” Nathaniel croaked through smokey syllables. Pain seared his lungs something wicked but the flower kept burning and he hurriedly took a second hit. 
 
“I’ve been hearing some weird shit from Chewy’s crew lately. There’s talk about mixing new stuff.” Chad shrugged it off. He didn’t want to get into such dark matters. “Mouth’s gettin’ dry, you want a soda?”

Nathaniel’s  thumb shot up and Chad padded away to into the kitchen. About half way through the exhale his eyes started to burn. It snuck up quick and combined with the lung burn he broke. Violently he choked. Tears tracked down his face, barely enough thought in him to put the pipe down before he stumbled off the couch and blindly into the bathroom.  Slamming the door behind him, he fumbled at the light switch. Eye drops should be on the counter still. An icy pit of nausea rolled through him abruptly forcing the air from his lungs, clenching as if he’d been punched. He stumbled backwards and instead of the wall fingertips met soft fabric. He flinched and opened bleary bloodshot eyes. A puddle of his underwear lay all around him. A warm cloud of anger coursed. The fuck had Chewy given him. Dark tear trails stained his fur as he looked up. The door handle was way out of his reach. 

The powerful high had already snuck up on him. He blinked trying to clear his head. This was all too surreal but he had to play along. FOCUS! The lion’s attention snapped back. He stared at underneath the door for a little too long. Yeah he was small enough he convinced himself. A wide smile. And was he still a cat after all. King of the jungle and ruler of the land. Could his hips collapse? Or was that Chewy telling him about rats.

 He took a few steps out of his ridiculously sized clothes. It was silly but the feeling of being naked and exposed was stronger than before. He shook it off and dove face first under the door frame. Back feet flexed for purchase against the tile and he wiggled through. Instinctively he sucked in his gut and body flattened down. 

He popped through the other side and scampered across the carpet. Black claws velcroed him up the couch. He stood still and waited. Ice settled in his gut again and to his horror he shrunk again. 

“Our neighbors are gonna smell that shit. House reeks.” Chad’s voice could be heard before the cat saw him round back into the room, two sodas held awkwardly in one hand and a large bowl of ice cream in the other.

Nathaniel jumped up and down trying to get his attention as goodies were placed on the table. The panda started to turn and Nathaniel thought he’d been seen but Chad was lost in his own high and the music from the video game too loud.  Nathaniel tried to run but Chad’s fuzzy ass pinned him to the couch.   

“Nathaniel you okay?” Chad called out. He leaned back, hoodie bunching as he peered down the hallway. He saw the light underneath the bathroom door. Mystery solved he grabbed the bowl of vanilla ice cream. Two sugarcane were stabbed like an X through the center. He pulled one out and began sucking on it delighted.

Nathaniel was pinned, back against the couch. From the chest down, he was squeezed and trapped by the ursa’s weight. Soft fleshy fur pushed against his face. Mouth opened to breathe but skin molded making it nearly impossible. With urgency he tried to wrestle his arms out. Black spots ate away at his vision when Chad shifted just enough to let one arm free. It was enough. He pushed the skin away and took in short sharp gasps. Bitter and pungent was the smell of sweat and testosterone. The overpowering musk made him cough as downy fur above squished and moved. Nathaniel was furious. Chad balls were in his face and he was barebacking his ass all over their couch. He desperately tried to free his other arm but couldn’t find any purchase. Chad’s ballsack would move and undulated whenever Nathaniel tried to get purchase. The cat could feel himself start to sweat as the bear’s body temperature heated him up. The orb shifted and adjusted on top, putting more weight on him. 

Luckily for the lion, Chad was at the end of his bowl. He shifted around, trying to get the last of the cream. Nathaniel was repositioned as the bear set his empty dish aside but dazed as massive legs moved. 

It was dark as everything stopped moving and settled. To his surprise, Nathaniel could move but barely. Chad’s body was still just above him. The lion could barely even crawl to his knees but his night vision was working well enough. Fear and disgust ran through his small frame as he realized he was on the wrong side of Chad’s balls. The bear’s half exposed anus flexed. Nathaniel watched the soft pink hole wink at him, wishing he never know his roommate this well. He was gonna kick the shit of Chewy once he got big. 

Chad shifted deeper into the couch and Nathaniel was unwillingly pressed up against his asshole. The innards above gave a few deep rumbles and the vibrations rattled into Nathaniel frame from deep within the panda’s body. The small lion roared in frustration. This shouldn't be happening to him. He had to get Chad’s attention before it got any worse. The soft rosey center throbbed against his chest. Maybe if he caressed it a few times. Warmth flooded the sensitive skin and the bud moved quicker. Chad felt a pleasant tickle and he grinded his ass into the couch. Nathaniel was getting more pissed off and knocked the bud as hard as could, kicking against the sphincter. This was just doing gay stuff and he wasn’t into that. The gurgling noises from the panda’s guts became louder and the anus started to pucker hard and tight. 

Pain churned inside Chad. His large intestine was tensed and bloated then he could feel it. He leaned to the side and out came a long relieving fart, warmth flooding his thighs momentarily. Then the smell hit. He made a face. 

“You okay in there? Doing any better?” Chad called. No reply from from the bathroom. The dumbass had probably smoked himself silly. He’d wake up and come out complaining about neck pain. That gave Chad enough time to perform another after meal ritual.

With the putrid fart Nathaniel was given enough space to free himself. He had more room stand but that’s about it. On his knees heaving and retching, balls pressed lightly against his face. Hot furry replaced the urge to vomit and he got up with a swing. His punch connected but instead of a satisfying hit warmth engulfed arm to elbow. Chad’s body unforgivingly tried to pull his arm deeper. Nathaniel fought against the pulsating muscles, hardly able to yank himself out. 

Chad’s cock started to elongate and thicken from the tickle of pleasure. He pulled his hoodie up to his stomach and was surprised how excited he was already. He watched as his thick shaft started to slide up the side of his leg from the pressure. He grabbed his tip and pulled the foreskin down, exposing his head and began using tiny quick little jerks.

Chad’s anus began to darken in color, the light pink inside turning to a dark red. Nathaniel stared transfixed as it winked. The cat broke his trance and turned towards Chad’s huge sack. He attempted to push and prod it forward but textured skin remained firmly planted. The weight of each testicle tremendous. Suddenly they moved, independent of Nathaniel. He took a half step back confused until a rhythmic pattern started to form. 

“Motherfucker!” Nathaniel shouted.

As if in response, Chad gave a particularly hard jerk and a heavy orb smacked against the lion. The odd momentum twisting him backwards and face first into the needy sphincter. 

Nathaniel could only see red. Without thinking, he gripped his own flaccid shaft and pawed himself furiously until cock was rock hard. Giving himself a last few jerks, he harshly ground his hips into Chad’s asshole. Nathaniel gasped, the tight skin puckered. All the pressure around his dick gripped so hard. He used some spit and slowly was able to thrust himself in and out of the textured hole. It was surprising how much he was enjoying this. 

‘Adrenaline,’ he lied to himself.

Chad stared high and transfixed at his own cock as he jerked off. Hand moving quick and rapid, he gripped the foreskin around the base of his head hard. Nothing fancy today. He wanted to cum and cum fast. That didn’t mean he couldn’t add some spice now. 

Nathaniel could feel himself getting closer. Upping his speed, forehead pressed into the soft yet taught flesh as he closed his eyes. Hands gripped the moving folds harder. The pressure was so close to building when without warning humongous fingers pushed against him. Yells were cut off as pizza greasy fingers dug greedily inwards.

Easily, Chad was able to insert two fingers down to the knuckle. He pushed and played, quite familiar with his prostate. Nathaniel thrashed in the tight confines, trying to sink claws into the invading digits, but the panda was closer. Pressure swelled internally and Chad’s body seized from the intensity as long thick ropes shot upwards. White blinded his vision with pump after pump as the pleasure plateaued. The flow tapered and slowly subsided. Nathaniel was gone, dragged deeper into the Chad’s vitals. Trapped in his little air bubble the intensity and pressure had knocked the cat out.  Chad sat there for a minute covered in cooling cum, brain restarting. The head of his penis was super sensitive. The throbbing movements nearly too intense against his fur. He felt drained.

Forcing himself to move, he grabbed some of the leftover napkins. He cleaned off himself, the couch, and the table, thoroughly impressed by the amount. The entire time his cock resisted going back down but it was no bother. The hoodie went down nearly to his knees after all.

He ashed the bowl and lazily went and changed the water in the kitchen sink. Not long after the smell of weed filled the house again. Video games distracted himself until after a few matches his guts started to gurgle again. A long deep fart tore its way through him as the lactose intolerance started to complain. Knowingly he had dug his own grave. Good ice cream too hard to resist. A pain spasm made him break out in a sweat. The brown and white bear rushed upstairs towards the other bathroom.

Left on the couch was a half dead lion. Consciousness returned and he started gasping down as much air as he could. Coughing back to life, Nathaniel looked around in confusion and pain. The video game was paused, blaring music at him cheekily. Chad was nowhere in sight. He couldn’t get caught now. Forced to his feet, he flopped off the couch. He landed heavily and was barely able to keep standing. Frame tottered over to the bathroom and wiggled back under. 

Chad could never find out about this. Nobody could. He was gonna kick Chewy in the ass so hard his testicles were gonna fly off. Then he could go about his life and never think of this incident again.



[The Last Part](http://queentiaiactura.blogspot.ca/2017/07/season-five-part-nine.html)

I hope everyone enjoys the ending. Thanks to each of you for reading. I'm not completely done with this story, but it is complete now. I'm going to take a little break, then give the entire thing some editing, commission an art or two for it, and re-release it as a downloadable pdf.

I would love any feedback, as I can take it into consideration for the finalized version.



All across the outskirts of the city rundown neighborhoods held their breath. Twilight hinged at dawn as blocks upon blocks of housing braced against the incoming miasma. Viscous polluted fog ran straight through a strip of townhouses. Barred windows ineffective against the bitter chill that settled. Everything silent and muffled in the overburdened air. The wooden tips of the fencing that separated the back of each unit barely visible in the rolling sea. Across, an escaped synth scurried on all fours. Intently the chubby intruder peered into each house.

CREeeak!

The chipmunk froze as the plank resettled. Certain the entire complex would light up and rain down angrily, it was to Wendell’s surprise when nothing of the sort happened. Pink and red tail flickered nervously, fur poofed to the point the white marbling was noticeable. Balls tucked deep into his body in response as reflexes anxiously poked a thin head from its sheath. He continued, more careful this time.

The second to last townhouse was where he found a suitable mark. A back door left carelessly open and sliding glass tucked away. Whiskers twitched with excitement. A mesh screen was all that separated him from a succulent stockpile.

The sciurine scuttled down the fence. Ignoring the adamant yet slowly dying garden, he went straight for the doorcorner. Mesh wires, too thick to rip by hand, were no match for needle thin teeth. Adrenaline coursed as carefully incisors gnawed and worked around the edge. The crack of each aluminum thread reverberated like a gunshot through his skull. Finally, the slit was just big enough to fit. And barely noticeable to a macro. At least, that’s what he hoped. Repeated swallowing drove down the throat-clenching fear as ceaselessly hunger flared and drove him forward.

A probing pink proboscis popped into the kitchen, twitching a few seconds. Rapidly Wendell’s face, arms, and chest followed. The oversized white slab of a gut moved fluidly yet still a few more threads snapped. The raw red stripe across his face neurotically squinched as the synth hurriedly got to his feet. He looked back with a whine, tugging on small ears. Might be noticeable now.

Inside everything was small and extremely cramped. Worn wooden green cabinets hugged the right. A rusted stove and dingy metal fridge ate most the middle while a table for two took the rest. Past that was maybe a pantry or a walkway Wendell couldn’t tell. None of it surprised him. Space was too lavish for common city folk and money never quite in excess.

White claws clicked across linoleum as the synth hustled over to the corner. On haunches he stared upwards. Tail twitched impatiently as bionic brain calculated. Icy nausea rippled and gripped his insides, contracting in painful waves. Foolish to think the hunger could have been ignored for so long. Muscles tensed and marbled red body sprang upward, claws digging into the paint. Specks fell and flaked away with each hop.

With surprising grace the chunky munk landed on all fours. Fat gut swaying reluctantly before settling against the flow. Timid eyes glanced rapidly around as crumbs from last night’s dinner mixed underfoot. The polymer plastic felt hard yet smooth.

A foot away the gas stove held four fiery pinpricks, flickering like blue gems in the dark. Atop the nearest burner the cast iron pan had been left out. Wendell peered over the ridge. Warm and spotless. Faintly the smell of grease wafted. The spice rack shoved into the corner a final act of desperation. The rest of the appliances a waste of space. Stainless steel sink empty.

Determined the synth peered through the dark. Red irises zeroed in and saliva filled his cheeks. Distant on the table, stood a glass bowl full of grapes. Moist tongue swept across cured lips. A fearless leap hurled him off the counter. Momentum tossed him head over heels until he sloppily charged into a run and up the metal leg.

Distantly floorboards creaked as the house shifted.

Across the tabletop he bounded. Prize so close the acidic smell of the vine already wafted over him. The fiery green glass cupped the precious indigo orbs, all shiny and ripe. Face first he dove into a patch. Fluid burst as teeth pierced and ripped through soft skin. Tongue greedily pushed back chunks of the wet sugary meat until cheeks were brimming. With difficulty throat muscles flexed and rippled around each thick swallow. Fat belly strained, slowly stretching as space inside vanished. He gorged without pause, no where near stopping. Grabbing ahold of the next bunch, both face and hands were stained purple. Juice poured down his lips, squirted through fingers, and trailed down fur. Enormous gut was starting to get in the way. A hindrance for now, but all too fast it would digest and turn into another layer.

The light flicked on as a short grey sabercat padded into the kitchen. Wendell froze, paralyzed, halfway through a grape.

The cat yawned, jaw hyper extending as small fingers rubbed away the sandman’s dust. Nipples pressed hard for attention through the soft fabric of her oversized purple shirt. Three hours of sleep was not kind to Mari. Long, dark blue hair was matted and tangled.

Coffee. Brain refused to run without it. She rummaged through the cabinets above the machine trying to find her beans. Of course they had been misplaced.

Her back was turned. Wendell wanted to run, to flee, to hide, but... He shoved the rest into his mouth, reaching to grab another when something fell on the sabercat's head. Loud curses followed. Hand faltered. No other choice. He crawled his large mass through empty vines and towards the rim.

Water gurgled in the electric kettle as beans were ground. He stayed ducked right under edge of the bow.

Silence.

Metal and the sounds of dishes being moved.

Click-click-click.

The stove. More movement then the compressed click of the fridge opening. Head popped up timidly. Wendell’s ear blushed. Bent over as she rifled around, her large ass was barely peeking from beneath her shirt. It dragged across her rear, showing off a pair of small simple lips tucked away as she pulled out a few eggs and a half wrapped stick of butter.

Cracking an egg against the side of the counter broke Wendell’s transfixion. Climbing from the bowl, he silently crept on all fours, stomach dragging along. Mari turned to go back to the fridge and froze.

Eyes locked.

He ran. The extra weight bogged him down. Almost to the table’s edge when pressure coiled around his tail and he was jerked roughly into the air.

She dangled him above. Features curled in annoyance as she glared between her catch and the almost empty bowl. The synth gave a sheepish grin, waving as gravity slowly spun him around.

“You little thief!” She spat out as bringing him closer to her face. He flinched so near her large, daunting fangs. Beheadment played in his mind and blood rushed between his legs. Hastily knees crossed and feet curled to hide the growing erection.

Her big black nose met him instead. Twitching and cold, the wet organ pressed into him. The chipmunk’s scent was confusing. Instead of musky fur there was salt, iron, and something else.

Wendell swiped at her but the claws were just for show. Jerking backwards, her tongue quickly punched back. The soft muscle was strong and overpowering, dragging along. Breath warm and hot. Thick ropes of saliva fell from the roof of her mouth and sunk into his fur. A second lick up his back sent shivers as the silky tip barely brushed over his balls.

A sly smile washed over her face. That familiar taste. She knew.

“We don’t need to be drastic,” Wendell tried to bargain but Mari was having none of it. He’d cost her a good portion of lunch. Grabbing the glass mug meant for coffee, she hucked him in and flipped them both upside down onto the counter.

Dazed and sore, Wendell propped himself up on his arms. The world was blurred and misshapen through the thin rectangular lines of his prison. Squeaks of protests went completely unheard through the thick glass as the feline purposely ignored him.

Well he’d really stepped on his own dick with this one.

The synth sighed and cautiously got up. Using the meager space available, he threw himself against the opposite side. Didn’t even budge. It was heavy. Maybe a bar glass? The second attempt rewarded him a bruised shoulder. Chewing on his left hand, he sat down. Tail nervously twitching about. Nothing to do but wait. Gut churning away, he watched her back and forth continuing to make breakfast and press coffee.

After a while his warden approached. The world heaved as the cup slid from the counter to her hand. With no reprieve, he fell and smacked full body against the hot cast iron pan, belly rippling with the impact. A few seconds later the lights flashed out.

In the darkness, everything was thick, black, and sweltering. It reeked of freshly cooked eggs and olive oil. The fire surging under the metal barely more than hot to the synth’s flesh. The lid kept him from escape so he sat trying to keep calm. The darting tail still gave away internal thoughts. Odd for a synth. Already Wendell could feel the process starting as he lied down.

Around the previous spices began to overcook. Oil started leaking from his skin, sluggish at first. Long deep breaths. He felt the heat from the pan spread upwards through his body as an echoing high began dripping downwards from his head. Paralyzed from bliss, he was unaware of the fat beads rolling off his white tender belly. Each melted drop slowly thinned him down. All that hard to get food pooling across the bottom. Too drugged to care. The heated grease began to pop, adding to the already humid air. Even he would admit smelled delicious. All the while, fur was thickening and changing as his body began to cook and caramelize. There were enough drippings now he started to float, lost to the snap and crackles. A deep breath cradled his body. He rolled over and stretched. The importance of slow cooking.

… .. .. He enjoyed the sounds the bubbles made. . … … … ….

Light pierced his vision. The grey saber gazed down hungrily. Ruining his trance, a pair of tongs rudely plucked him into the air and plopped him onto a piece of toast. Held down before still hot eggs were flipped on top of him. A pungent, vinegary sauce was slathered on and grated cheese sprinkled. Finally, another slice of toast. Wendell forced himself through the weight, head popping out the top. Giant teeth smirked at him.

“No chance in setting me free?” He begged. A thumb stuffed him back in.

Grabbing her plate and coffee, she padded into the small living room, turning on the light. She plopped onto the beaten up couch and grabbed a small screen from the coffee table. Scrolling through the news feed, she choose a video. Intently watching, she wasted no time crunching into her sandwich.

The salty, smoked taste of the rodent coated her eggs perfectly as yolk exploded across her mouth. Hastily lips slurped up the thick yellow goo to keep it from running. Another bite and the light creamy cheddar contrasted with the savory sauce. The bread offered the right amount of crunch. Her nubby tail flicked in enjoyment.

Each bite was reslished and enjoyed around the synth as ears listened raptly. Heart thundering, Wendell flinched as the soft of her mouth brushed against different parts of him. Over and over the tongue playfully grazed. Hot yolk ran down his shoulders and chest as huge teeth chomped dangerously close, revealing the outside world. Thankfully his tail was tucked away under his stomach. Fingers directed the pressure above. Underneath him the eggs were suddenly sucked out from behind. He yelled in fright as he was the only part left. She smiled darkly at him, eyes fixated, and pressed even harder on the bread, cracking the grain.

“Don’t steal from me again or else there won’t be a next time,” she threatened. No time to respond. Cavernous maw opened extra wide, saliva and bits of food wrapped around menacing teeth. Breath hot, warm, and bitter. He was tossed in. Thin tip immediately pushed him against the roof. Breath knocked out of him, the organ sucked the juices from his fur.

She hummed in delight, probing and tossing him around. The bread was ripped away and obliterated by the jagged ivory. Cheese and egg swam around him in the wet heat. Suddenly he was tossed into her cheek and the giant molars came crashing down, sheltering him as the rest of the food was sucked into the back of her throat, disappearing.

Cheek pushed him back and he was ground playfully between teeth. She gnawed on his new texture, enjoying the much tougher hide. Back towards the center, the continued pressure made him groan. All the warmth and movement was eliciting a reaction from his nethers. Tastebuds tickled as she sucked on his tasty stomach and his sheath began to do more than just twitch. Thin pointy head was eager. Shamelessly he began to thrust against her tongue, leveraging as hard as he could. The suction felt wild.

Eyes widened as she felt his movements and she accidently swallowed him in surprise. Claws tried to grip as muscles contracted around but the pressure pulled him backwards and down. The tight ring of muscle closed mercilessly above him, sealing his fate in the darkness.

Her heartbeat was rapid and intimate. Cradling him as he was pushed and guided down the fleshy tube. His feet felt the release first then the rest of him fell down into her stomach. The air wet and sour as he sat in soggy remains. The walls pulsed and moved around him, food sloshing. The occasional gurgle as air got trapped and released from her movements.

Cock rock hard, the journey down her esophagus had been one long continuous stroke against him. Head bouncing up and down,he was dangerously close already. Gingerly, he touched himself gasping from the sensitivity. The sphincter above suddenly flexed and coffee rained down. Body immune in his cooked state, he still cursed as the water level rose. His balls floated and the stomach acid mildly tickled the more sensitive areas.

He stretched and made himself comfortable against the side, hand wrapping tightly under his head. Some of her outside movements jostled him but not by much. Slowly he pumped himself, skin gripping as pleasure etched down his spine. He twisted a nipple with his free hand. The electric tingles made him gasp as they ran to the base of his stomach and all the way through his shaft. Too soon thin slippery cum was squirting out of him and he kicked in pleasure, tail curling and uncurling.

The synth laid there relaxing in the juicy chamber as his thin body came down slowly from the ecstasy. Eyes closed, the rhythmic heartbeat lulled him. He would have fallen asleep if she hadn’t decided to finish the last of her coffee. Being doused sharply snapped him back into focus. He couldn’t stay here. Time to hasten the process.

Outside, the saber grabbed her bag as she ran out the door. Normally she would have been curled soundly asleep with her stuffed animals but that call about part of bar catching on fire left her no choice. She was locking the deadbolt when she burped and smiled, the taste of bacon lingering in her mouth.
Available NOW on SoFurry:  [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1614594](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1614594) 


Don't forget to find me on Furry Amino! I upload content daily for the freaks! Thanks for reading everyone! -  Ames

Don't forget to find me on Furry Amino! Thanks so much, fellow freaks. - Ames



Hello, I feel the need to put a disclaimer on this part of the story. I would very much appreciate if you read this first, the link is below.


Powered by an absent minded kick, the synth was sent careening head over heels down the stairs. A smear of scarlet as she bounced off the last few steps and landed in a heap. A painful groan escaped the poor skunk as her consciousness restarted. Physics had kept anything from breaking but not by much. Tonight she had the guest role of...a…drumroll...mop! Cold broke the weird mental fantasy and Pepper’s brain jumpstarted. Short, bright red and white, fur had greedily decided to go ahead and get drunk without her.

One last huff and she began to piece herself back together from the puddle of liquid and fur. She got up. Nervous hands attempted to wring out the sugary alcohol. Face scrunched, dreading the hardened mess her fur would turn into. A few angry snaps dried her tail. A few flecks of alcohol splattered into the air catching the glow of the rotating lights.

Pepper crossed her arms, fuming. Already sticky tufts weighed her down like a deep pressure. Weakly a flaccid mohawk slid sideways into her face. Turquoise paw pads tucked it absentmindedly behind a pointed ear. Pacing in a circle, she calmed herself and pondered.

Shadows interrupted. The mephitine leapt back in fear as the familiar paws of a lion thundered by with a date. The skunk flinched as giant heels racked sharply across the tile. The heavy dance music drowned out the looming duo. From her angle Pepper could barely see them laughing back and forth, oblivious, as they disappeared down the hall to the next room.

The name of the bar hung on the wall, alternating in neon on and off. “The Elephant’s Raveyard” flashed grey and yellow. Underneath a stylized mammoth skull laughed. The crowd outside had been long, loud, and boisterous. Pepper had been scared to sneak in but as long as she played it cool nobody would figure it out, but she still needed to find help.

Teeth bit into lips as she thought.

If not so rudely punted she could have used the micro specified path above the hustle of the crowd. The stairs seemed too daunting a climb. Perhaps easier to venture through the jungle of skin, fur, scale, and feather to the bar instead. An employee would be nice enough to help her back up. Internally she pouted, not really liking any of this.

Loud clops prefaced a tall broad-shouldered fallow deer coming down the stairs. Left antler snapped about midway, he still held himself confidently. Each step made a black shirt pull tightly across his chest.

Pepper’s ears perked with the stewing idea. She got on all fours and prepped herself. Black diamond hooves crashed against cold linoleum, bright and shiny like swinging guillotines. Count the timing.

3...2...

She ran and pounced, hooking the end of the jeans with sharp little claws.

She hung there, taking a second. A deep sigh of relief before scampering forward. Up his jeans, over a large well defined rump, she clutched at a belt loop, breath caught in the anticipation.

Without breaking stride, the deer entered the main area of the bar. He was impressed. Booths and chairs were filled to the brim as various races talked excitedly. Headsized fruity drinks were being split while hookahs were lazily sucked down; long drags regurgitating fruity fumes. Waiters bustled in the fast paced environment serving appetizers as dragons breathed hot multicolored life into coals. The exhales hung low. Smoke permeated into the oscillating crowd that consumed the dance floor, dj mixing from the corner wall, a thick heavy rhythm. The bar wrapped against the opposite side.

Thankfully for Pepper, the deer wanted to get his palette wet. A cheetah got up, deciding she drunkenly wanted to go dance with her friend. Without hesitation, the tired cervine seized the opportunity. Abandoning ship, Pepper deftly jumped to the friend’s chair. The deer didn't even notice. The synth took a few seconds to breathe and calm herself from all the stimulus before scampering up the still-warm black leather. She looked around. Too far from the bartop to jump. Maybe try to catch the bartender’s attention. She waved her tail like a flag.

Moodily a marbled fox gave a yawn, jaws shutting with a quick snap. All night and nobody had caught his attention. It wasn't that he was being picky more so nobody was meeting his standards. Yeah that was it, he told himself.

The vulpine threw back a shot. Tongue followed along a pointy snout, savoring the burn. The kangaroo that had been a little too superficial earlier was eyeballing him still. Standards lowered with each soft smile sent when the ass of a buck tugged his attention. Lazily his gaze ate up the newcomer before sharply focusing on a speck of red. A small skunk? clung for life as the deer headed to the end of the bar.

Confident none had noticed, Fiddle got out of his seat, trying to hide each mischievous tail twitch. The most marbled of the three settled calmly like a belt while the white and black each loosely wrapped around the other. Casually sauntering over, feminine hips given a slight sway, he made way to the empty chair. With the two covetous fingers the small synth was snatched and scooped away as he sat down. Deer and bartender none the wiser as Fiddle ordered another drink. Stealthily the twintail deposited her into an awaiting palm.

Elbows on the bar, he clasped both hands together. Chin resting on thumbs the sharp sweet scent of pepper tickled his nose. Long ears flicked questiongly. Large velvety tongue darted forward and the “micro” yipped. Two licks and a flavorful extract coated his tongue.

“You look lost down here. I'll keep you safe.” The lies practically dripped. He couldn't help but smile as she resisted. What a jackpot! In one smooth motion that looked as if he was simply adjusting he popped her into his pants.

The clumsy yell cut off as warmth and darkness surrounded the synthetic skunk. Brain raced as her heart pounded. Was she figured out?

The air was thick and hot. Musky almost. It made her nose twitch. Multiple sneezes in rapid succession. Like a spicy cinnamon and something else. Pressure from above made standing impossible. Underneath fingertips all she could feel was soft fur, like a downy fuzz, but the skin was floppier than normal and moved. She poked and kneaded, not quite placing the texture. Something large and solid nearby shifted. Had she been stuffed into a pouch? Something wasn’t quite right. In the near complete darkness she couldn't tell. Tentatively she crawled forward.

Fiddle grinned as he felt her prods. Wasn’t his problem some idiot lost their private synth. Couldn’t have asked for a better predicament personally. Quietly he waited for his order. Head tilted back, eyes closed as the chair swiveled back and forth, he enjoyed the sweet sensation of the synths exploration.

With an eye catching thrust, Fiddle sprung from his seat. The buck drawn watched as the lithe body stretched, arms reaching for the sky. Back muscles popped in rapid succession as the vulpine twisted, showing off a rather impressive flexibility.

The world was an unending tumble. Unable to see, dug face first into the fox, she could do nothing but grumble. Flesh molded around her and coated her in a bitter musk. Lungs seized, trying to cough but caught in her throat. Intense heat pulsed from the right as an orb underneath surged and flexed. Damn fox, what was he doing?

Fiddle finished his stretch with a groan, buzzed from the alcohol coursing through his veins. Well maybe past a buzz. He took a seat at half mast. A quick scratch and nudge, pushed the skunk towards a swelling sheath. An uncontrolled shiver made his fur stand delightfully on end.

Realization dawned as she was dragged across hot flesh. The acrid smell was overwhelming as she was wedged between shaft and pants. Excitement leaked across her fur as the pressure built harder and harder until with a shuddering throb, head surged free and consumed her body down to her hips. Frustrated, she wiggled and thrashed. Toes reached and flexed for purchase. Failing, her tail gave a defeated flick.

Fiddle lightly stroked himself through his pants. Thrashing knees kicked against the underside of his head, electing a small groan of pleasure. The deer glanced his way and met his sultry gaze with confidence. The bartender interrupted. Two drinks were passed. One to an imp, the other a gentleman.

Fiddle gave the bartender a coy smile and silently slipped him a tip across the interface. The bartender nodded and followed along, telling the buck that his drink was on the house and motioned towards the fox.

The buck thanked the tender and eyed his flamboyant offering. “Here I thought you were just a nice dame,” he smirked.

“I’m a lot of things, handsome.” Fiddle arched his back seductively, crossing his legs. The buck finally noticed the erection showing off.

Without missing a beat. “Next time I should order you a drink.” Four fingered hand brushed playfully over Fiddle’s shaft. A finger swiped across a head and made the fox moan and buck forward. Unknowingly Pepper’s hips were pushed in the last of the way. Deeper and father the red skunk was eaten by eager muscles. As Fiddle thrusted against the deer’s huge hand the purple inners of his ears darkened in a blush. The buck continued to tease the fox’s shaft a few more times before parting with a light brush across his thigh. Fiddle twitched. That had felt a little too good. Too close for just a few strokes.

Hands ran up the deer’s muscular arm, a seductive wink before slipping off his chair. Leaning up to reach his hot breath whispered, “This is my favorite song.” Tails playfully tried to wiggle underneath the tight shirt. “I’ll be back for that offer.”

The fox’s heartbeat thundered in rhythm around the synth, steady in her ears like a drum. Barely able to move in her small prison her body was held tight by all the pressure. She wasn’t fearful though. Genetically speaking she was made for this. Once the fox had his fun he would go soft and she could crawl her way out if his body didn’t do the job for her. Just had to be patient. She growled in a whiny annoyance and gave a few useless struggles.

As Fiddle headed to the dance floor casually he checked his pants. Only a drooling cock stared back. No skunk but he could feel her in his base. What a fun little toy she was being. Muscles tensed trying to pull the synth deeper. Barely, he stopped himself from cumming as his cock jumped a few times, straining against the cloth.

Where’s the end of him, Pepper thought annoyed as his prostate massaged her hungrily, coating her in a variety of different fluids and textures. She enjoyed his taste.

There was still more to her journey as the fox’s body continued to clench and help her along until with a wet squelch she was ejected into salty depths. Oxygen traded with mobility and she headed towards the surface. Faintly the bass could be heard from outside competing with thundering heartbeats. A fine mess she had gotten herself into tonight. Family jewels her ass.

She waded, feet unable to touch bottom. The surface continuously sloshed and churned around, outside movements causing crests to go over her head. Quickly she swam to the side, clinging to the solid yet textured flesh. The walls pulsed intensely with blood. She had doubts his erection was going to go away on its own and she had other ways she wanted to spend the night than curled up inside a fox. She pressed against the sensitive walls, wiggling and massaging as much as she could reach.

Fiddle was making his way into the crowd. He could feel a spot where precum was slowly gathering and dripping down his thigh. Private synths were very enthusiastic indeed. Maybe he should buy one. On the far side of the crowd a blonde cheetah caught his eye, shaking her hips hard as her skirt flared and bobbed to the music. No underwear.

He found his mark.

Sliding into the crowd, he began dancing his way over to her. Impressed with his moves and still tipsy herself the cheetah invited him over. Confidently he began dancing with her. After a song, she ground her ass against him, feeling his large package grind. She closed her eyes in relish.

She spun around and gave him a sneaky smile. Leading him over to the side, hidden from the eyes of the staff who cared, she pushed him flat against the wall. Eagerly her ass ground against him. He placed his hands on her hips and nibbled on her ear. As she shivered, tails started on the buttons to his pants. He loved her look when his cock leapt forward, hard and ready. Surprise turned into content as she grinded him between her cheeks. Wiggling up and down, she pressed backwards against him. Small hand reached around and began rubbing and fondling his balls as he gave his own finger a nice long lick. Nice and wet, he stretched her tight opening.

Hand fell away as her brain focused on the finger dipping in and out. Fiddle’s other slipped under her shirt and grabbed her boob. He played with her tit as head grinded against her hole but stopped when the synth hit a particularly pleasurable spot and a gush of cum escaped.

Damn thing was too good. He didn’t have the time for foreplay.

The cheetah glanced back at him, annoyed.

Why the delay.

Spotted tail wrapped around his leg, coaxing him. Fiddle couldn’t resist. Head pushed forward, flared edges popping smoothly into her. He paused and let her adjust, easing himself. Slowly. Slowly. He tried not be greedy and slam fuck her. Soft thrusts, each time wiggling further and further. He got about half way when she started bouncing lightly up and down of her own accord.

A steady slosh built as a rhythm was set. An erratic heartbeat the only thing Pepper had to ground herself. Orientation meant nothing in the tight constricted chamber when she was flung around. Down was up, up was sideways, and backwards was constant. Desperately she tried to stay above the liquid. More mixed into the chamber and she held her breath. The concern was fleeting as the muscles around her changed and a pressure began to build against her body. She braced.

Fiddle slammed all the way into the cheetah holding himself as he unloaded. He could feel the synth start to move through him. After the third and fourth cum spurt he felt her enter the base. Abruptly he pulled out, gripping himself hard, preventing her escape.

The cheetah gave a slightly annoyed gasp. She had been so close to cumming again. He gave her ear another small nibble as his free hand shot forward to pet her lips. He stretched her open, fingers ran along her entrance. So wet from the excitement. Fingers dipped into her, short and shallow, building a rhythm. It didn't take long until her walls were tightening around his hand and she gave a small moan.

Slowly he licked the cum off long spindly fingers.

She leaned against the wall next to him, relearning how to breath as he put himself back. With a parting kiss, he headed back to the bar and to the awaiting buck. No way he was letting his synth escape, the night was just starting.
[https://www.sofurry.com/view/1609641](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1609641)

Don't forget to find me on:

SoFurry -  [https://amadeus-wolfpaw.sofurry.com/](https://amadeus-wolfpaw.sofurry.com/)

FurAffinity -  [https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ameswolfpaw/](https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ameswolfpaw/)

And Furry Amino! I upload content every day for the freaks! See you guys later. - Ames

https://preview.redd.it/q2nak5txp7e51.png?width=1704&format=png&auto=webp&s=4f50a2353a4e3656804a54179c1baece24c9a94a


the background seems to be Kat from twokinds! ^^
Lila the tigress gets more than she bargained for when a hunky grey wolf shows up to her party!  
[https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38528651/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38528651/)
Hi, freaks! My new story, "Struck!" is now available on SoFurry: [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1622736](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1622736)

And on FurAffinity: [https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38008816/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38008816/)

New chapter for "No-go with Bogo?!" dropping tonight! Hope I'll see you all then.

Stay freaky! - Ames
You hear your girlfriend call you for help with her science project across the house. You, not having anything important, decide to walk over to her room to see what she needs help with. Your girlfriend is a sexy furry wolf and her tits are big and jiggle like jelly. Whenever you see her naked after she showers your dick gets stone-hard. However, both of you have not had sex yet but you secretly want to. You go to your girlfriend's house and see that she is on the bed with some papers around the place. She turns around and sees you and opens the door. "So, what's your project about?", you ask, looking at the mess of paper. "It's about the reproductive system and the teacher wants us to do a practical experiment.", she says with a small smirk on her face. You immediately think she's hinting something to you but you continue acting normal. She closes the bedroom door and you sit down with her. "Wow, it's quite hot in this room.", she says. You go to switch on the fan but then she stops you and says it's broken. "You know what, I'll just take off my clothes. That'll be much cooler." She strips down until her bottom half of her body is naked. She removes her bra and you see her tits drop and jiggle. You start feeling a bit warm and you know what she's trying to tell you so you ask if you can take off your clothes. She agrees and you take off your clothes until you're naked. She stares at your dick, as she subtly licks her lips. "Sitting on the bed gets very uncomfortable. I need something new to sit on." You immediately know you're about to have some fun so you ask what options she has in mind. "I could get a chair but it takes a long time to get one. How about I sit on your face~" You agree immediately and lie down on the bed, ready for her juicy buns to caress your face and her vagina to lick. The buns slowly lower as you open your mouth and stick your tongue out. Your tongue sinks into her vagina and you start licking her clit. She moans and says, "Wow... I feel so good...this...is...great..." You continue licking her clit and enjoy the warmth of the buttcheeks on your face. The taste is wonderful and you savour her vagina. She stands up and says she wants you to start fucking her. "What about a condom?",you ask. She goes to her closet and turns around with a condom in her mouth. The look of her naked with a condom in her mouth looks super sexy. She rips it open and places it over your erect penis for you. She then turns around and spreads her legs and butt, exposing her vagina, beckoning you to bring the sausage to the bun. You start thrusting in and out of her and she moans and you slowly start cumming. Her silky smooth vaginal walls are perfect and you don't even need lube. You thrust in and out even more and start cumming. Meanwhile she moans even louder as you enjoy this moment. You cum even more before she says you should taste something else. You pull your wet dick out of her and see that she is holding her tits and pointing it at you. It looks so juicy and tasty that you don't even hesitate and start sucking on her boobs. She looks at you a small smirk while you savour her giant melons. "Well, I should repay the favour of tasting some of your genitals.", you say as you stand up and point your penis at her face. She stares at it and then enjoys the big sausage. You look down and see her sucking on your dick and you start cumming and moaning in delight. She then asks you to lie down on the bed and surrounds your penis with her boobs and starts stroking it with her tits. You see them jiggle which looks fantastic and the fact that you start cumming makes you feel so good! She savours the sausage one more time and smacks her lips. "Your cum is so delicious~", she says with cum dripping from her mouth. After both of you are done  with the fun, you cuddle with her on the bed, holding and squeezing her boobs while she strokes your dick. "That was really fun~ You really helped with my project~", she says with a smile on her face. Both of you eventually fall asleep on the bed in exhaustion with both of you hugging each other.
We've been getting to another game after our previous small M/M project and have written one with up to 450 decisions currently and a ton of characters to meet and... interact with ;)   


Interactive story is on a Telegram Bot. Here's the link:  [http://t.me/furryadventurebot](http://t.me/furryadventurebot) 

“Dude turn right! turn right! turn right! You can flank ’em. ”

“No, if I got that way I’m gonna-I’m gonna-” Nathaniel bit his lip to focus. The soldier on screen  ran into the next room, sight already drawn. The game controller clicked and rattled violently as and enemy team member grunted and died. An echoing boom made the pink and grey lion side eye his minimap. “Fuck. They already have the observatory.” 

“Nobody ever remembers to check the canyon path. Go get the missile strike. You’re gonna get shot up either way.” 

The cat ignored the panda. The character ran across the bridge, towards the base. He’d clocked in way more hours of playtime. He knew what he was doing. 

Chad rolled his eyes and swiftly downed the last of his orange soda. Tiny fingers were easily able to crunch and crack the can down into a disk. He rolled the final product across the table. A few wobbly spins and it settled. Satisfied, the brown and white panda sunk deeper into the couch, melting into the overly large red hoodie. Words oozed across the front in faded lettering but they had been impossible to make out for a while. 

Right as the doorbell rang the soldier onscreen buckled as a sniper shot took him through the head. “Fuck!” Nathaniel snarled, throwing down the controller.

“Yeah, yeah, go get the pizza,” Chad smiled. “And stop breaking controllers while you’re at it.”

The doorbell rang again.

Moodily Nathaniel exited to the lobby with dramatic heavy button presses. Snatching shorts from the floor and cash pile from the coffee table, he headed towards the door. With each shimming step he flailed more into his clothes.  

With a stretch, Chad got up from the couch as well. Thick back muscles gave a few meaty pops and he groaned as the old hoodie barely rose above his knees. Casually he swiped the bong and headed to the bathroom. The normal clumsy panda was super careful as he changed the water. A dragon friend had gifted him the piece for his birthday. Using her own flame, she’d meticulously shaped the foot and a half wonder into a sugar cane. Most the time it was mistaken for bamboo but Chad didn’t mind. 
 
When he came out all heavy eyed the pizza boxes were spread out across the table. Porkrind’s Pizza Emporium spread across in large blocky writing as a large pig winked. Nathaniel, already back down to boxers, was shoving another slice of spicy buffalo chicken down his throat. Oddly there was another bottle of weed on the table that hadn’t been there before.

“Chewy on delivery again?”

“Yagh heff godg shma new shiff. Thsrily goofh” Nathaniel spit out, trying not to lose any chicken in the process.

“Swallow,” Chad advised as he opened his own box. Grease and salt wafted. The bear dug into the spinach artichoke hands first. The fragrant slice dripping olive oil and cheese across the others. Why use plates for pizza? Just a needless step for the both of them. 

 “Yeah that rat got some new shit in. Says it’s all the rage. Rich college kids are smoking it. Asshole made me pay a pretty penny.” Nathaniel tossed the bottle over. Chad caught it mid air and popped the cap one handed. He glanced down at what looked like heavily coated moon rocks and gave a deep sniff. Blue raspberry mixed delightfully with an earthy rosemary. Just faintly something bitter underneath, but it was fleeting. He was barely even sure it was there. Raspberry Rocks was scribbled on the front in crayon. Each letter a different color in broken hand writing. Reminded him of a child’s scrawl.

“Smells good, but something’s little off. I wouldn’t trust it you never know when he cheaps out.” He closed the cap and shoved the rest of the slice in his mouth.

“Everything smells weird to you,” Nathaniel chided. “I checked it at the door. It’s fine. He’s just as likely to bring us fire.” 

Chad shrugged it off. That was his point. There was plenty of weed. Nathaniel could do what he wanted to.

They continued to eat and chat. Nathaniel had started out strong, finishing nearly his whole pie but fell a few slices short. Chad on the other hand consumed his in its entirety. Gut gurgled happily as he cleaned his teeth while Nathaniel complained his didn’t have enough chicken. Chad tossed his toothpick into the ashtray. The pineapple etched into the middle, barely visible. 

“Pussin’ out today?” Nathaniel grumbled as the bear reached for the grinder. With well practiced movements, Chad unscrewed the metal. A fruity whiff of hybrid tickled his nose. The higher notes smelled way better to him as he packed his bowl large and loose. Short brown fingers kept slipping on the lighter. He wiped away the grease across his hoodie and his bowl lit up in a crackle of orange.  Bubbles rapidly popped as he took a long well practiced hit, holding in the smoke before exhaling through his nose. Sensitive nostrils stung so bad his eyes started to water but he thought it made the high that much better so he held through. 

It was Nathaniel's turn to roll his eyes as Chad finally coughed. The room pungent as the haze settled. Smelled vaguely of pine thought the panda as he passed over the bong. He laid back into the couch, sinking nicely. 

“Don’t need adventure with flower like this.”

Nathaniel ashed out the bowl and packed a tiny bit from the grinder. Using his claws, he shaved one of the moon rocks in half and broke it over. He pulled out his cheap lighter. The green plastic was jerry-rigged into a tiny flamethrower. He torched half the bowl, mane lifting as his chest puffed out.

“Nothing but fire,” Nathaniel croaked through smokey syllables. Pain seared his lungs something wicked but the flower kept burning and he hurriedly took a second hit. 
 
“I’ve been hearing some weird shit from Chewy’s crew lately. There’s talk about mixing new stuff.” Chad shrugged it off. He didn’t want to get into such dark matters. “Mouth’s gettin’ dry, you want a soda?”

Nathaniel’s  thumb shot up and Chad padded away to into the kitchen. About half way through the exhale his eyes started to burn. It snuck up quick and combined with the lung burn he broke. Violently he choked. Tears tracked down his face, barely enough thought in him to put the pipe down before he stumbled off the couch and blindly into the bathroom.  Slamming the door behind him, he fumbled at the light switch. Eye drops should be on the counter still. An icy pit of nausea rolled through him abruptly forcing the air from his lungs, clenching as if he’d been punched. He stumbled backwards and instead of the wall fingertips met soft fabric. He flinched and opened bleary bloodshot eyes. A puddle of his underwear lay all around him. A warm cloud of anger coursed. The fuck had Chewy given him. Dark tear trails stained his fur as he looked up. The door handle was way out of his reach. 

The powerful high had already snuck up on him. He blinked trying to clear his head. This was all too surreal but he had to play along. FOCUS! The lion’s attention snapped back. He stared at underneath the door for a little too long. Yeah he was small enough he convinced himself. A wide smile. And was he still a cat after all. King of the jungle and ruler of the land. Could his hips collapse? Or was that Chewy telling him about rats.

 He took a few steps out of his ridiculously sized clothes. It was silly but the feeling of being naked and exposed was stronger than before. He shook it off and dove face first under the door frame. Back feet flexed for purchase against the tile and he wiggled through. Instinctively he sucked in his gut and body flattened down. 

He popped through the other side and scampered across the carpet. Black claws velcroed him up the couch. He stood still and waited. Ice settled in his gut again and to his horror he shrunk again. 

“Our neighbors are gonna smell that shit. House reeks.” Chad’s voice could be heard before the cat saw him round back into the room, two sodas held awkwardly in one hand and a large bowl of ice cream in the other.

Nathaniel jumped up and down trying to get his attention as goodies were placed on the table. The panda started to turn and Nathaniel thought he’d been seen but Chad was lost in his own high and the music from the video game too loud.  Nathaniel tried to run but Chad’s fuzzy ass pinned him to the couch.   

“Nathaniel you okay?” Chad called out. He leaned back, hoodie bunching as he peered down the hallway. He saw the light underneath the bathroom door. Mystery solved he grabbed the bowl of vanilla ice cream. Two sugarcane were stabbed like an X through the center. He pulled one out and began sucking on it delighted.

Nathaniel was pinned, back against the couch. From the chest down, he was squeezed and trapped by the ursa’s weight. Soft fleshy fur pushed against his face. Mouth opened to breathe but skin molded making it nearly impossible. With urgency he tried to wrestle his arms out. Black spots ate away at his vision when Chad shifted just enough to let one arm free. It was enough. He pushed the skin away and took in short sharp gasps. Bitter and pungent was the smell of sweat and testosterone. The overpowering musk made him cough as downy fur above squished and moved. Nathaniel was furious. Chad balls were in his face and he was barebacking his ass all over their couch. He desperately tried to free his other arm but couldn’t find any purchase. Chad’s ballsack would move and undulated whenever Nathaniel tried to get purchase. The cat could feel himself start to sweat as the bear’s body temperature heated him up. The orb shifted and adjusted on top, putting more weight on him. 

Luckily for the lion, Chad was at the end of his bowl. He shifted around, trying to get the last of the cream. Nathaniel was repositioned as the bear set his empty dish aside but dazed as massive legs moved. 

It was dark as everything stopped moving and settled. To his surprise, Nathaniel could move but barely. Chad’s body was still just above him. The lion could barely even crawl to his knees but his night vision was working well enough. Fear and disgust ran through his small frame as he realized he was on the wrong side of Chad’s balls. The bear’s half exposed anus flexed. Nathaniel watched the soft pink hole wink at him, wishing he never know his roommate this well. He was gonna kick the shit of Chewy once he got big. 

Chad shifted deeper into the couch and Nathaniel was unwillingly pressed up against his asshole. The innards above gave a few deep rumbles and the vibrations rattled into Nathaniel frame from deep within the panda’s body. The small lion roared in frustration. This shouldn't be happening to him. He had to get Chad’s attention before it got any worse. The soft rosey center throbbed against his chest. Maybe if he caressed it a few times. Warmth flooded the sensitive skin and the bud moved quicker. Chad felt a pleasant tickle and he grinded his ass into the couch. Nathaniel was getting more pissed off and knocked the bud as hard as could, kicking against the sphincter. This was just doing gay stuff and he wasn’t into that. The gurgling noises from the panda’s guts became louder and the anus started to pucker hard and tight. 

Pain churned inside Chad. His large intestine was tensed and bloated then he could feel it. He leaned to the side and out came a long relieving fart, warmth flooding his thighs momentarily. Then the smell hit. He made a face. 

“You okay in there? Doing any better?” Chad called. No reply from from the bathroom. The dumbass had probably smoked himself silly. He’d wake up and come out complaining about neck pain. That gave Chad enough time to perform another after meal ritual.

With the putrid fart Nathaniel was given enough space to free himself. He had more room stand but that’s about it. On his knees heaving and retching, balls pressed lightly against his face. Hot furry replaced the urge to vomit and he got up with a swing. His punch connected but instead of a satisfying hit warmth engulfed arm to elbow. Chad’s body unforgivingly tried to pull his arm deeper. Nathaniel fought against the pulsating muscles, hardly able to yank himself out. 

Chad’s cock started to elongate and thicken from the tickle of pleasure. He pulled his hoodie up to his stomach and was surprised how excited he was already. He watched as his thick shaft started to slide up the side of his leg from the pressure. He grabbed his tip and pulled the foreskin down, exposing his head and began using tiny quick little jerks.

Chad’s anus began to darken in color, the light pink inside turning to a dark red. Nathaniel stared transfixed as it winked. The cat broke his trance and turned towards Chad’s huge sack. He attempted to push and prod it forward but textured skin remained firmly planted. The weight of each testicle tremendous. Suddenly they moved, independent of Nathaniel. He took a half step back confused until a rhythmic pattern started to form. 

“Motherfucker!” Nathaniel shouted.

As if in response, Chad gave a particularly hard jerk and a heavy orb smacked against the lion. The odd momentum twisting him backwards and face first into the needy sphincter. 

Nathaniel could only see red. Without thinking, he gripped his own flaccid shaft and pawed himself furiously until cock was rock hard. Giving himself a last few jerks, he harshly ground his hips into Chad’s asshole. Nathaniel gasped, the tight skin puckered. All the pressure around his dick gripped so hard. He used some spit and slowly was able to thrust himself in and out of the textured hole. It was surprising how much he was enjoying this. 

‘Adrenaline,’ he lied to himself.

Chad stared high and transfixed at his own cock as he jerked off. Hand moving quick and rapid, he gripped the foreskin around the base of his head hard. Nothing fancy today. He wanted to cum and cum fast. That didn’t mean he couldn’t add some spice now. 

Nathaniel could feel himself getting closer. Upping his speed, forehead pressed into the soft yet taught flesh as he closed his eyes. Hands gripped the moving folds harder. The pressure was so close to building when without warning humongous fingers pushed against him. Yells were cut off as pizza greasy fingers dug greedily inwards.

Easily, Chad was able to insert two fingers down to the knuckle. He pushed and played, quite familiar with his prostate. Nathaniel thrashed in the tight confines, trying to sink claws into the invading digits, but the panda was closer. Pressure swelled internally and Chad’s body seized from the intensity as long thick ropes shot upwards. White blinded his vision with pump after pump as the pleasure plateaued. The flow tapered and slowly subsided. Nathaniel was gone, dragged deeper into the Chad’s vitals. Trapped in his little air bubble the intensity and pressure had knocked the cat out.  Chad sat there for a minute covered in cooling cum, brain restarting. The head of his penis was super sensitive. The throbbing movements nearly too intense against his fur. He felt drained.

Forcing himself to move, he grabbed some of the leftover napkins. He cleaned off himself, the couch, and the table, thoroughly impressed by the amount. The entire time his cock resisted going back down but it was no bother. The hoodie went down nearly to his knees after all.

He ashed the bowl and lazily went and changed the water in the kitchen sink. Not long after the smell of weed filled the house again. Video games distracted himself until after a few matches his guts started to gurgle again. A long deep fart tore its way through him as the lactose intolerance started to complain. Knowingly he had dug his own grave. Good ice cream too hard to resist. A pain spasm made him break out in a sweat. The brown and white bear rushed upstairs towards the other bathroom.

Left on the couch was a half dead lion. Consciousness returned and he started gasping down as much air as he could. Coughing back to life, Nathaniel looked around in confusion and pain. The video game was paused, blaring music at him cheekily. Chad was nowhere in sight. He couldn’t get caught now. Forced to his feet, he flopped off the couch. He landed heavily and was barely able to keep standing. Frame tottered over to the bathroom and wiggled back under. 

Chad could never find out about this. Nobody could. He was gonna kick Chewy in the ass so hard his testicles were gonna fly off. Then he could go about his life and never think of this incident again.



[The Last Part](http://queentiaiactura.blogspot.ca/2017/07/season-five-part-nine.html)

I hope everyone enjoys the ending. Thanks to each of you for reading. I'm not completely done with this story, but it is complete now. I'm going to take a little break, then give the entire thing some editing, commission an art or two for it, and re-release it as a downloadable pdf.

I would love any feedback, as I can take it into consideration for the finalized version.



All across the outskirts of the city rundown neighborhoods held their breath. Twilight hinged at dawn as blocks upon blocks of housing braced against the incoming miasma. Viscous polluted fog ran straight through a strip of townhouses. Barred windows ineffective against the bitter chill that settled. Everything silent and muffled in the overburdened air. The wooden tips of the fencing that separated the back of each unit barely visible in the rolling sea. Across, an escaped synth scurried on all fours. Intently the chubby intruder peered into each house.

CREeeak!

The chipmunk froze as the plank resettled. Certain the entire complex would light up and rain down angrily, it was to Wendell’s surprise when nothing of the sort happened. Pink and red tail flickered nervously, fur poofed to the point the white marbling was noticeable. Balls tucked deep into his body in response as reflexes anxiously poked a thin head from its sheath. He continued, more careful this time.

The second to last townhouse was where he found a suitable mark. A back door left carelessly open and sliding glass tucked away. Whiskers twitched with excitement. A mesh screen was all that separated him from a succulent stockpile.

The sciurine scuttled down the fence. Ignoring the adamant yet slowly dying garden, he went straight for the doorcorner. Mesh wires, too thick to rip by hand, were no match for needle thin teeth. Adrenaline coursed as carefully incisors gnawed and worked around the edge. The crack of each aluminum thread reverberated like a gunshot through his skull. Finally, the slit was just big enough to fit. And barely noticeable to a macro. At least, that’s what he hoped. Repeated swallowing drove down the throat-clenching fear as ceaselessly hunger flared and drove him forward.

A probing pink proboscis popped into the kitchen, twitching a few seconds. Rapidly Wendell’s face, arms, and chest followed. The oversized white slab of a gut moved fluidly yet still a few more threads snapped. The raw red stripe across his face neurotically squinched as the synth hurriedly got to his feet. He looked back with a whine, tugging on small ears. Might be noticeable now.

Inside everything was small and extremely cramped. Worn wooden green cabinets hugged the right. A rusted stove and dingy metal fridge ate most the middle while a table for two took the rest. Past that was maybe a pantry or a walkway Wendell couldn’t tell. None of it surprised him. Space was too lavish for common city folk and money never quite in excess.

White claws clicked across linoleum as the synth hustled over to the corner. On haunches he stared upwards. Tail twitched impatiently as bionic brain calculated. Icy nausea rippled and gripped his insides, contracting in painful waves. Foolish to think the hunger could have been ignored for so long. Muscles tensed and marbled red body sprang upward, claws digging into the paint. Specks fell and flaked away with each hop.

With surprising grace the chunky munk landed on all fours. Fat gut swaying reluctantly before settling against the flow. Timid eyes glanced rapidly around as crumbs from last night’s dinner mixed underfoot. The polymer plastic felt hard yet smooth.

A foot away the gas stove held four fiery pinpricks, flickering like blue gems in the dark. Atop the nearest burner the cast iron pan had been left out. Wendell peered over the ridge. Warm and spotless. Faintly the smell of grease wafted. The spice rack shoved into the corner a final act of desperation. The rest of the appliances a waste of space. Stainless steel sink empty.

Determined the synth peered through the dark. Red irises zeroed in and saliva filled his cheeks. Distant on the table, stood a glass bowl full of grapes. Moist tongue swept across cured lips. A fearless leap hurled him off the counter. Momentum tossed him head over heels until he sloppily charged into a run and up the metal leg.

Distantly floorboards creaked as the house shifted.

Across the tabletop he bounded. Prize so close the acidic smell of the vine already wafted over him. The fiery green glass cupped the precious indigo orbs, all shiny and ripe. Face first he dove into a patch. Fluid burst as teeth pierced and ripped through soft skin. Tongue greedily pushed back chunks of the wet sugary meat until cheeks were brimming. With difficulty throat muscles flexed and rippled around each thick swallow. Fat belly strained, slowly stretching as space inside vanished. He gorged without pause, no where near stopping. Grabbing ahold of the next bunch, both face and hands were stained purple. Juice poured down his lips, squirted through fingers, and trailed down fur. Enormous gut was starting to get in the way. A hindrance for now, but all too fast it would digest and turn into another layer.

The light flicked on as a short grey sabercat padded into the kitchen. Wendell froze, paralyzed, halfway through a grape.

The cat yawned, jaw hyper extending as small fingers rubbed away the sandman’s dust. Nipples pressed hard for attention through the soft fabric of her oversized purple shirt. Three hours of sleep was not kind to Mari. Long, dark blue hair was matted and tangled.

Coffee. Brain refused to run without it. She rummaged through the cabinets above the machine trying to find her beans. Of course they had been misplaced.

Her back was turned. Wendell wanted to run, to flee, to hide, but... He shoved the rest into his mouth, reaching to grab another when something fell on the sabercat's head. Loud curses followed. Hand faltered. No other choice. He crawled his large mass through empty vines and towards the rim.

Water gurgled in the electric kettle as beans were ground. He stayed ducked right under edge of the bow.

Silence.

Metal and the sounds of dishes being moved.

Click-click-click.

The stove. More movement then the compressed click of the fridge opening. Head popped up timidly. Wendell’s ear blushed. Bent over as she rifled around, her large ass was barely peeking from beneath her shirt. It dragged across her rear, showing off a pair of small simple lips tucked away as she pulled out a few eggs and a half wrapped stick of butter.

Cracking an egg against the side of the counter broke Wendell’s transfixion. Climbing from the bowl, he silently crept on all fours, stomach dragging along. Mari turned to go back to the fridge and froze.

Eyes locked.

He ran. The extra weight bogged him down. Almost to the table’s edge when pressure coiled around his tail and he was jerked roughly into the air.

She dangled him above. Features curled in annoyance as she glared between her catch and the almost empty bowl. The synth gave a sheepish grin, waving as gravity slowly spun him around.

“You little thief!” She spat out as bringing him closer to her face. He flinched so near her large, daunting fangs. Beheadment played in his mind and blood rushed between his legs. Hastily knees crossed and feet curled to hide the growing erection.

Her big black nose met him instead. Twitching and cold, the wet organ pressed into him. The chipmunk’s scent was confusing. Instead of musky fur there was salt, iron, and something else.

Wendell swiped at her but the claws were just for show. Jerking backwards, her tongue quickly punched back. The soft muscle was strong and overpowering, dragging along. Breath warm and hot. Thick ropes of saliva fell from the roof of her mouth and sunk into his fur. A second lick up his back sent shivers as the silky tip barely brushed over his balls.

A sly smile washed over her face. That familiar taste. She knew.

“We don’t need to be drastic,” Wendell tried to bargain but Mari was having none of it. He’d cost her a good portion of lunch. Grabbing the glass mug meant for coffee, she hucked him in and flipped them both upside down onto the counter.

Dazed and sore, Wendell propped himself up on his arms. The world was blurred and misshapen through the thin rectangular lines of his prison. Squeaks of protests went completely unheard through the thick glass as the feline purposely ignored him.

Well he’d really stepped on his own dick with this one.

The synth sighed and cautiously got up. Using the meager space available, he threw himself against the opposite side. Didn’t even budge. It was heavy. Maybe a bar glass? The second attempt rewarded him a bruised shoulder. Chewing on his left hand, he sat down. Tail nervously twitching about. Nothing to do but wait. Gut churning away, he watched her back and forth continuing to make breakfast and press coffee.

After a while his warden approached. The world heaved as the cup slid from the counter to her hand. With no reprieve, he fell and smacked full body against the hot cast iron pan, belly rippling with the impact. A few seconds later the lights flashed out.

In the darkness, everything was thick, black, and sweltering. It reeked of freshly cooked eggs and olive oil. The fire surging under the metal barely more than hot to the synth’s flesh. The lid kept him from escape so he sat trying to keep calm. The darting tail still gave away internal thoughts. Odd for a synth. Already Wendell could feel the process starting as he lied down.

Around the previous spices began to overcook. Oil started leaking from his skin, sluggish at first. Long deep breaths. He felt the heat from the pan spread upwards through his body as an echoing high began dripping downwards from his head. Paralyzed from bliss, he was unaware of the fat beads rolling off his white tender belly. Each melted drop slowly thinned him down. All that hard to get food pooling across the bottom. Too drugged to care. The heated grease began to pop, adding to the already humid air. Even he would admit smelled delicious. All the while, fur was thickening and changing as his body began to cook and caramelize. There were enough drippings now he started to float, lost to the snap and crackles. A deep breath cradled his body. He rolled over and stretched. The importance of slow cooking.

… .. .. He enjoyed the sounds the bubbles made. . … … … ….

Light pierced his vision. The grey saber gazed down hungrily. Ruining his trance, a pair of tongs rudely plucked him into the air and plopped him onto a piece of toast. Held down before still hot eggs were flipped on top of him. A pungent, vinegary sauce was slathered on and grated cheese sprinkled. Finally, another slice of toast. Wendell forced himself through the weight, head popping out the top. Giant teeth smirked at him.

“No chance in setting me free?” He begged. A thumb stuffed him back in.

Grabbing her plate and coffee, she padded into the small living room, turning on the light. She plopped onto the beaten up couch and grabbed a small screen from the coffee table. Scrolling through the news feed, she choose a video. Intently watching, she wasted no time crunching into her sandwich.

The salty, smoked taste of the rodent coated her eggs perfectly as yolk exploded across her mouth. Hastily lips slurped up the thick yellow goo to keep it from running. Another bite and the light creamy cheddar contrasted with the savory sauce. The bread offered the right amount of crunch. Her nubby tail flicked in enjoyment.

Each bite was reslished and enjoyed around the synth as ears listened raptly. Heart thundering, Wendell flinched as the soft of her mouth brushed against different parts of him. Over and over the tongue playfully grazed. Hot yolk ran down his shoulders and chest as huge teeth chomped dangerously close, revealing the outside world. Thankfully his tail was tucked away under his stomach. Fingers directed the pressure above. Underneath him the eggs were suddenly sucked out from behind. He yelled in fright as he was the only part left. She smiled darkly at him, eyes fixated, and pressed even harder on the bread, cracking the grain.

“Don’t steal from me again or else there won’t be a next time,” she threatened. No time to respond. Cavernous maw opened extra wide, saliva and bits of food wrapped around menacing teeth. Breath hot, warm, and bitter. He was tossed in. Thin tip immediately pushed him against the roof. Breath knocked out of him, the organ sucked the juices from his fur.

She hummed in delight, probing and tossing him around. The bread was ripped away and obliterated by the jagged ivory. Cheese and egg swam around him in the wet heat. Suddenly he was tossed into her cheek and the giant molars came crashing down, sheltering him as the rest of the food was sucked into the back of her throat, disappearing.

Cheek pushed him back and he was ground playfully between teeth. She gnawed on his new texture, enjoying the much tougher hide. Back towards the center, the continued pressure made him groan. All the warmth and movement was eliciting a reaction from his nethers. Tastebuds tickled as she sucked on his tasty stomach and his sheath began to do more than just twitch. Thin pointy head was eager. Shamelessly he began to thrust against her tongue, leveraging as hard as he could. The suction felt wild.

Eyes widened as she felt his movements and she accidently swallowed him in surprise. Claws tried to grip as muscles contracted around but the pressure pulled him backwards and down. The tight ring of muscle closed mercilessly above him, sealing his fate in the darkness.

Her heartbeat was rapid and intimate. Cradling him as he was pushed and guided down the fleshy tube. His feet felt the release first then the rest of him fell down into her stomach. The air wet and sour as he sat in soggy remains. The walls pulsed and moved around him, food sloshing. The occasional gurgle as air got trapped and released from her movements.

Cock rock hard, the journey down her esophagus had been one long continuous stroke against him. Head bouncing up and down,he was dangerously close already. Gingerly, he touched himself gasping from the sensitivity. The sphincter above suddenly flexed and coffee rained down. Body immune in his cooked state, he still cursed as the water level rose. His balls floated and the stomach acid mildly tickled the more sensitive areas.

He stretched and made himself comfortable against the side, hand wrapping tightly under his head. Some of her outside movements jostled him but not by much. Slowly he pumped himself, skin gripping as pleasure etched down his spine. He twisted a nipple with his free hand. The electric tingles made him gasp as they ran to the base of his stomach and all the way through his shaft. Too soon thin slippery cum was squirting out of him and he kicked in pleasure, tail curling and uncurling.

The synth laid there relaxing in the juicy chamber as his thin body came down slowly from the ecstasy. Eyes closed, the rhythmic heartbeat lulled him. He would have fallen asleep if she hadn’t decided to finish the last of her coffee. Being doused sharply snapped him back into focus. He couldn’t stay here. Time to hasten the process.

Outside, the saber grabbed her bag as she ran out the door. Normally she would have been curled soundly asleep with her stuffed animals but that call about part of bar catching on fire left her no choice. She was locking the deadbolt when she burped and smiled, the taste of bacon lingering in her mouth.
Available NOW on SoFurry:  [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1614594](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1614594) 


Don't forget to find me on Furry Amino! I upload content daily for the freaks! Thanks for reading everyone! -  Ames

Don't forget to find me on Furry Amino! Thanks so much, fellow freaks. - Ames



Hello, I feel the need to put a disclaimer on this part of the story. I would very much appreciate if you read this first, the link is below.
All across the outskirts of the city rundown neighborhoods held their breath. Twilight hinged at dawn as blocks upon blocks of housing braced against the incoming miasma. Viscous polluted fog ran straight through a strip of townhouses. Barred windows ineffective against the bitter chill that settled. Everything silent and muffled in the overburdened air. The wooden tips of the fencing that separated the back of each unit barely visible in the rolling sea. Across, an escaped synth scurried on all fours. Intently the chubby intruder peered into each house.

CREeeak!

The chipmunk froze as the plank resettled. Certain the entire complex would light up and rain down angrily, it was to Wendell’s surprise when nothing of the sort happened. Pink and red tail flickered nervously, fur poofed to the point the white marbling was noticeable. Balls tucked deep into his body in response as reflexes anxiously poked a thin head from its sheath. He continued, more careful this time.

The second to last townhouse was where he found a suitable mark. A back door left carelessly open and sliding glass tucked away. Whiskers twitched with excitement. A mesh screen was all that separated him from a succulent stockpile.

The sciurine scuttled down the fence. Ignoring the adamant yet slowly dying garden, he went straight for the doorcorner. Mesh wires, too thick to rip by hand, were no match for needle thin teeth. Adrenaline coursed as carefully incisors gnawed and worked around the edge. The crack of each aluminum thread reverberated like a gunshot through his skull. Finally, the slit was just big enough to fit. And barely noticeable to a macro. At least, that’s what he hoped. Repeated swallowing drove down the throat-clenching fear as ceaselessly hunger flared and drove him forward.

A probing pink proboscis popped into the kitchen, twitching a few seconds. Rapidly Wendell’s face, arms, and chest followed. The oversized white slab of a gut moved fluidly yet still a few more threads snapped. The raw red stripe across his face neurotically squinched as the synth hurriedly got to his feet. He looked back with a whine, tugging on small ears. Might be noticeable now.

Inside everything was small and extremely cramped. Worn wooden green cabinets hugged the right. A rusted stove and dingy metal fridge ate most the middle while a table for two took the rest. Past that was maybe a pantry or a walkway Wendell couldn’t tell. None of it surprised him. Space was too lavish for common city folk and money never quite in excess.

White claws clicked across linoleum as the synth hustled over to the corner. On haunches he stared upwards. Tail twitched impatiently as bionic brain calculated. Icy nausea rippled and gripped his insides, contracting in painful waves. Foolish to think the hunger could have been ignored for so long. Muscles tensed and marbled red body sprang upward, claws digging into the paint. Specks fell and flaked away with each hop.

With surprising grace the chunky munk landed on all fours. Fat gut swaying reluctantly before settling against the flow. Timid eyes glanced rapidly around as crumbs from last night’s dinner mixed underfoot. The polymer plastic felt hard yet smooth.

A foot away the gas stove held four fiery pinpricks, flickering like blue gems in the dark. Atop the nearest burner the cast iron pan had been left out. Wendell peered over the ridge. Warm and spotless. Faintly the smell of grease wafted. The spice rack shoved into the corner a final act of desperation. The rest of the appliances a waste of space. Stainless steel sink empty.

Determined the synth peered through the dark. Red irises zeroed in and saliva filled his cheeks. Distant on the table, stood a glass bowl full of grapes. Moist tongue swept across cured lips. A fearless leap hurled him off the counter. Momentum tossed him head over heels until he sloppily charged into a run and up the metal leg.

Distantly floorboards creaked as the house shifted.

Across the tabletop he bounded. Prize so close the acidic smell of the vine already wafted over him. The fiery green glass cupped the precious indigo orbs, all shiny and ripe. Face first he dove into a patch. Fluid burst as teeth pierced and ripped through soft skin. Tongue greedily pushed back chunks of the wet sugary meat until cheeks were brimming. With difficulty throat muscles flexed and rippled around each thick swallow. Fat belly strained, slowly stretching as space inside vanished. He gorged without pause, no where near stopping. Grabbing ahold of the next bunch, both face and hands were stained purple. Juice poured down his lips, squirted through fingers, and trailed down fur. Enormous gut was starting to get in the way. A hindrance for now, but all too fast it would digest and turn into another layer.

The light flicked on as a short grey sabercat padded into the kitchen. Wendell froze, paralyzed, halfway through a grape.

The cat yawned, jaw hyper extending as small fingers rubbed away the sandman’s dust. Nipples pressed hard for attention through the soft fabric of her oversized purple shirt. Three hours of sleep was not kind to Mari. Long, dark blue hair was matted and tangled.

Coffee. Brain refused to run without it. She rummaged through the cabinets above the machine trying to find her beans. Of course they had been misplaced.

Her back was turned. Wendell wanted to run, to flee, to hide, but... He shoved the rest into his mouth, reaching to grab another when something fell on the sabercat's head. Loud curses followed. Hand faltered. No other choice. He crawled his large mass through empty vines and towards the rim.

Water gurgled in the electric kettle as beans were ground. He stayed ducked right under edge of the bow.

Silence.

Metal and the sounds of dishes being moved.

Click-click-click.

The stove. More movement then the compressed click of the fridge opening. Head popped up timidly. Wendell’s ear blushed. Bent over as she rifled around, her large ass was barely peeking from beneath her shirt. It dragged across her rear, showing off a pair of small simple lips tucked away as she pulled out a few eggs and a half wrapped stick of butter.

Cracking an egg against the side of the counter broke Wendell’s transfixion. Climbing from the bowl, he silently crept on all fours, stomach dragging along. Mari turned to go back to the fridge and froze.

Eyes locked.

He ran. The extra weight bogged him down. Almost to the table’s edge when pressure coiled around his tail and he was jerked roughly into the air.

She dangled him above. Features curled in annoyance as she glared between her catch and the almost empty bowl. The synth gave a sheepish grin, waving as gravity slowly spun him around.

“You little thief!” She spat out as bringing him closer to her face. He flinched so near her large, daunting fangs. Beheadment played in his mind and blood rushed between his legs. Hastily knees crossed and feet curled to hide the growing erection.

Her big black nose met him instead. Twitching and cold, the wet organ pressed into him. The chipmunk’s scent was confusing. Instead of musky fur there was salt, iron, and something else.

Wendell swiped at her but the claws were just for show. Jerking backwards, her tongue quickly punched back. The soft muscle was strong and overpowering, dragging along. Breath warm and hot. Thick ropes of saliva fell from the roof of her mouth and sunk into his fur. A second lick up his back sent shivers as the silky tip barely brushed over his balls.

A sly smile washed over her face. That familiar taste. She knew.

“We don’t need to be drastic,” Wendell tried to bargain but Mari was having none of it. He’d cost her a good portion of lunch. Grabbing the glass mug meant for coffee, she hucked him in and flipped them both upside down onto the counter.

Dazed and sore, Wendell propped himself up on his arms. The world was blurred and misshapen through the thin rectangular lines of his prison. Squeaks of protests went completely unheard through the thick glass as the feline purposely ignored him.

Well he’d really stepped on his own dick with this one.

The synth sighed and cautiously got up. Using the meager space available, he threw himself against the opposite side. Didn’t even budge. It was heavy. Maybe a bar glass? The second attempt rewarded him a bruised shoulder. Chewing on his left hand, he sat down. Tail nervously twitching about. Nothing to do but wait. Gut churning away, he watched her back and forth continuing to make breakfast and press coffee.

After a while his warden approached. The world heaved as the cup slid from the counter to her hand. With no reprieve, he fell and smacked full body against the hot cast iron pan, belly rippling with the impact. A few seconds later the lights flashed out.

In the darkness, everything was thick, black, and sweltering. It reeked of freshly cooked eggs and olive oil. The fire surging under the metal barely more than hot to the synth’s flesh. The lid kept him from escape so he sat trying to keep calm. The darting tail still gave away internal thoughts. Odd for a synth. Already Wendell could feel the process starting as he lied down.

Around the previous spices began to overcook. Oil started leaking from his skin, sluggish at first. Long deep breaths. He felt the heat from the pan spread upwards through his body as an echoing high began dripping downwards from his head. Paralyzed from bliss, he was unaware of the fat beads rolling off his white tender belly. Each melted drop slowly thinned him down. All that hard to get food pooling across the bottom. Too drugged to care. The heated grease began to pop, adding to the already humid air. Even he would admit smelled delicious. All the while, fur was thickening and changing as his body began to cook and caramelize. There were enough drippings now he started to float, lost to the snap and crackles. A deep breath cradled his body. He rolled over and stretched. The importance of slow cooking.

… .. .. He enjoyed the sounds the bubbles made. . … … … ….

Light pierced his vision. The grey saber gazed down hungrily. Ruining his trance, a pair of tongs rudely plucked him into the air and plopped him onto a piece of toast. Held down before still hot eggs were flipped on top of him. A pungent, vinegary sauce was slathered on and grated cheese sprinkled. Finally, another slice of toast. Wendell forced himself through the weight, head popping out the top. Giant teeth smirked at him.

“No chance in setting me free?” He begged. A thumb stuffed him back in.

Grabbing her plate and coffee, she padded into the small living room, turning on the light. She plopped onto the beaten up couch and grabbed a small screen from the coffee table. Scrolling through the news feed, she choose a video. Intently watching, she wasted no time crunching into her sandwich.

The salty, smoked taste of the rodent coated her eggs perfectly as yolk exploded across her mouth. Hastily lips slurped up the thick yellow goo to keep it from running. Another bite and the light creamy cheddar contrasted with the savory sauce. The bread offered the right amount of crunch. Her nubby tail flicked in enjoyment.

Each bite was reslished and enjoyed around the synth as ears listened raptly. Heart thundering, Wendell flinched as the soft of her mouth brushed against different parts of him. Over and over the tongue playfully grazed. Hot yolk ran down his shoulders and chest as huge teeth chomped dangerously close, revealing the outside world. Thankfully his tail was tucked away under his stomach. Fingers directed the pressure above. Underneath him the eggs were suddenly sucked out from behind. He yelled in fright as he was the only part left. She smiled darkly at him, eyes fixated, and pressed even harder on the bread, cracking the grain.

“Don’t steal from me again or else there won’t be a next time,” she threatened. No time to respond. Cavernous maw opened extra wide, saliva and bits of food wrapped around menacing teeth. Breath hot, warm, and bitter. He was tossed in. Thin tip immediately pushed him against the roof. Breath knocked out of him, the organ sucked the juices from his fur.

She hummed in delight, probing and tossing him around. The bread was ripped away and obliterated by the jagged ivory. Cheese and egg swam around him in the wet heat. Suddenly he was tossed into her cheek and the giant molars came crashing down, sheltering him as the rest of the food was sucked into the back of her throat, disappearing.

Cheek pushed him back and he was ground playfully between teeth. She gnawed on his new texture, enjoying the much tougher hide. Back towards the center, the continued pressure made him groan. All the warmth and movement was eliciting a reaction from his nethers. Tastebuds tickled as she sucked on his tasty stomach and his sheath began to do more than just twitch. Thin pointy head was eager. Shamelessly he began to thrust against her tongue, leveraging as hard as he could. The suction felt wild.

Eyes widened as she felt his movements and she accidently swallowed him in surprise. Claws tried to grip as muscles contracted around but the pressure pulled him backwards and down. The tight ring of muscle closed mercilessly above him, sealing his fate in the darkness.

Her heartbeat was rapid and intimate. Cradling him as he was pushed and guided down the fleshy tube. His feet felt the release first then the rest of him fell down into her stomach. The air wet and sour as he sat in soggy remains. The walls pulsed and moved around him, food sloshing. The occasional gurgle as air got trapped and released from her movements.

Cock rock hard, the journey down her esophagus had been one long continuous stroke against him. Head bouncing up and down,he was dangerously close already. Gingerly, he touched himself gasping from the sensitivity. The sphincter above suddenly flexed and coffee rained down. Body immune in his cooked state, he still cursed as the water level rose. His balls floated and the stomach acid mildly tickled the more sensitive areas.

He stretched and made himself comfortable against the side, hand wrapping tightly under his head. Some of her outside movements jostled him but not by much. Slowly he pumped himself, skin gripping as pleasure etched down his spine. He twisted a nipple with his free hand. The electric tingles made him gasp as they ran to the base of his stomach and all the way through his shaft. Too soon thin slippery cum was squirting out of him and he kicked in pleasure, tail curling and uncurling.

The synth laid there relaxing in the juicy chamber as his thin body came down slowly from the ecstasy. Eyes closed, the rhythmic heartbeat lulled him. He would have fallen asleep if she hadn’t decided to finish the last of her coffee. Being doused sharply snapped him back into focus. He couldn’t stay here. Time to hasten the process.

Outside, the saber grabbed her bag as she ran out the door. Normally she would have been curled soundly asleep with her stuffed animals but that call about part of bar catching on fire left her no choice. She was locking the deadbolt when she burped and smiled, the taste of bacon lingering in her mouth.
“Dude turn right! turn right! turn right! You can flank ’em. ”

“No, if I got that way I’m gonna-I’m gonna-” Nathaniel bit his lip to focus. The soldier on screen  ran into the next room, sight already drawn. The game controller clicked and rattled violently as and enemy team member grunted and died. An echoing boom made the pink and grey lion side eye his minimap. “Fuck. They already have the observatory.” 

“Nobody ever remembers to check the canyon path. Go get the missile strike. You’re gonna get shot up either way.” 

The cat ignored the panda. The character ran across the bridge, towards the base. He’d clocked in way more hours of playtime. He knew what he was doing. 

Chad rolled his eyes and swiftly downed the last of his orange soda. Tiny fingers were easily able to crunch and crack the can down into a disk. He rolled the final product across the table. A few wobbly spins and it settled. Satisfied, the brown and white panda sunk deeper into the couch, melting into the overly large red hoodie. Words oozed across the front in faded lettering but they had been impossible to make out for a while. 

Right as the doorbell rang the soldier onscreen buckled as a sniper shot took him through the head. “Fuck!” Nathaniel snarled, throwing down the controller.

“Yeah, yeah, go get the pizza,” Chad smiled. “And stop breaking controllers while you’re at it.”

The doorbell rang again.

Moodily Nathaniel exited to the lobby with dramatic heavy button presses. Snatching shorts from the floor and cash pile from the coffee table, he headed towards the door. With each shimming step he flailed more into his clothes.  

With a stretch, Chad got up from the couch as well. Thick back muscles gave a few meaty pops and he groaned as the old hoodie barely rose above his knees. Casually he swiped the bong and headed to the bathroom. The normal clumsy panda was super careful as he changed the water. A dragon friend had gifted him the piece for his birthday. Using her own flame, she’d meticulously shaped the foot and a half wonder into a sugar cane. Most the time it was mistaken for bamboo but Chad didn’t mind. 
 
When he came out all heavy eyed the pizza boxes were spread out across the table. Porkrind’s Pizza Emporium spread across in large blocky writing as a large pig winked. Nathaniel, already back down to boxers, was shoving another slice of spicy buffalo chicken down his throat. Oddly there was another bottle of weed on the table that hadn’t been there before.

“Chewy on delivery again?”

“Yagh heff godg shma new shiff. Thsrily goofh” Nathaniel spit out, trying not to lose any chicken in the process.

“Swallow,” Chad advised as he opened his own box. Grease and salt wafted. The bear dug into the spinach artichoke hands first. The fragrant slice dripping olive oil and cheese across the others. Why use plates for pizza? Just a needless step for the both of them. 

 “Yeah that rat got some new shit in. Says it’s all the rage. Rich college kids are smoking it. Asshole made me pay a pretty penny.” Nathaniel tossed the bottle over. Chad caught it mid air and popped the cap one handed. He glanced down at what looked like heavily coated moon rocks and gave a deep sniff. Blue raspberry mixed delightfully with an earthy rosemary. Just faintly something bitter underneath, but it was fleeting. He was barely even sure it was there. Raspberry Rocks was scribbled on the front in crayon. Each letter a different color in broken hand writing. Reminded him of a child’s scrawl.

“Smells good, but something’s little off. I wouldn’t trust it you never know when he cheaps out.” He closed the cap and shoved the rest of the slice in his mouth.

“Everything smells weird to you,” Nathaniel chided. “I checked it at the door. It’s fine. He’s just as likely to bring us fire.” 

Chad shrugged it off. That was his point. There was plenty of weed. Nathaniel could do what he wanted to.

They continued to eat and chat. Nathaniel had started out strong, finishing nearly his whole pie but fell a few slices short. Chad on the other hand consumed his in its entirety. Gut gurgled happily as he cleaned his teeth while Nathaniel complained his didn’t have enough chicken. Chad tossed his toothpick into the ashtray. The pineapple etched into the middle, barely visible. 

“Pussin’ out today?” Nathaniel grumbled as the bear reached for the grinder. With well practiced movements, Chad unscrewed the metal. A fruity whiff of hybrid tickled his nose. The higher notes smelled way better to him as he packed his bowl large and loose. Short brown fingers kept slipping on the lighter. He wiped away the grease across his hoodie and his bowl lit up in a crackle of orange.  Bubbles rapidly popped as he took a long well practiced hit, holding in the smoke before exhaling through his nose. Sensitive nostrils stung so bad his eyes started to water but he thought it made the high that much better so he held through. 

It was Nathaniel's turn to roll his eyes as Chad finally coughed. The room pungent as the haze settled. Smelled vaguely of pine thought the panda as he passed over the bong. He laid back into the couch, sinking nicely. 

“Don’t need adventure with flower like this.”

Nathaniel ashed out the bowl and packed a tiny bit from the grinder. Using his claws, he shaved one of the moon rocks in half and broke it over. He pulled out his cheap lighter. The green plastic was jerry-rigged into a tiny flamethrower. He torched half the bowl, mane lifting as his chest puffed out.

“Nothing but fire,” Nathaniel croaked through smokey syllables. Pain seared his lungs something wicked but the flower kept burning and he hurriedly took a second hit. 
 
“I’ve been hearing some weird shit from Chewy’s crew lately. There’s talk about mixing new stuff.” Chad shrugged it off. He didn’t want to get into such dark matters. “Mouth’s gettin’ dry, you want a soda?”

Nathaniel’s  thumb shot up and Chad padded away to into the kitchen. About half way through the exhale his eyes started to burn. It snuck up quick and combined with the lung burn he broke. Violently he choked. Tears tracked down his face, barely enough thought in him to put the pipe down before he stumbled off the couch and blindly into the bathroom.  Slamming the door behind him, he fumbled at the light switch. Eye drops should be on the counter still. An icy pit of nausea rolled through him abruptly forcing the air from his lungs, clenching as if he’d been punched. He stumbled backwards and instead of the wall fingertips met soft fabric. He flinched and opened bleary bloodshot eyes. A puddle of his underwear lay all around him. A warm cloud of anger coursed. The fuck had Chewy given him. Dark tear trails stained his fur as he looked up. The door handle was way out of his reach. 

The powerful high had already snuck up on him. He blinked trying to clear his head. This was all too surreal but he had to play along. FOCUS! The lion’s attention snapped back. He stared at underneath the door for a little too long. Yeah he was small enough he convinced himself. A wide smile. And was he still a cat after all. King of the jungle and ruler of the land. Could his hips collapse? Or was that Chewy telling him about rats.

 He took a few steps out of his ridiculously sized clothes. It was silly but the feeling of being naked and exposed was stronger than before. He shook it off and dove face first under the door frame. Back feet flexed for purchase against the tile and he wiggled through. Instinctively he sucked in his gut and body flattened down. 

He popped through the other side and scampered across the carpet. Black claws velcroed him up the couch. He stood still and waited. Ice settled in his gut again and to his horror he shrunk again. 

“Our neighbors are gonna smell that shit. House reeks.” Chad’s voice could be heard before the cat saw him round back into the room, two sodas held awkwardly in one hand and a large bowl of ice cream in the other.

Nathaniel jumped up and down trying to get his attention as goodies were placed on the table. The panda started to turn and Nathaniel thought he’d been seen but Chad was lost in his own high and the music from the video game too loud.  Nathaniel tried to run but Chad’s fuzzy ass pinned him to the couch.   

“Nathaniel you okay?” Chad called out. He leaned back, hoodie bunching as he peered down the hallway. He saw the light underneath the bathroom door. Mystery solved he grabbed the bowl of vanilla ice cream. Two sugarcane were stabbed like an X through the center. He pulled one out and began sucking on it delighted.

Nathaniel was pinned, back against the couch. From the chest down, he was squeezed and trapped by the ursa’s weight. Soft fleshy fur pushed against his face. Mouth opened to breathe but skin molded making it nearly impossible. With urgency he tried to wrestle his arms out. Black spots ate away at his vision when Chad shifted just enough to let one arm free. It was enough. He pushed the skin away and took in short sharp gasps. Bitter and pungent was the smell of sweat and testosterone. The overpowering musk made him cough as downy fur above squished and moved. Nathaniel was furious. Chad balls were in his face and he was barebacking his ass all over their couch. He desperately tried to free his other arm but couldn’t find any purchase. Chad’s ballsack would move and undulated whenever Nathaniel tried to get purchase. The cat could feel himself start to sweat as the bear’s body temperature heated him up. The orb shifted and adjusted on top, putting more weight on him. 

Luckily for the lion, Chad was at the end of his bowl. He shifted around, trying to get the last of the cream. Nathaniel was repositioned as the bear set his empty dish aside but dazed as massive legs moved. 

It was dark as everything stopped moving and settled. To his surprise, Nathaniel could move but barely. Chad’s body was still just above him. The lion could barely even crawl to his knees but his night vision was working well enough. Fear and disgust ran through his small frame as he realized he was on the wrong side of Chad’s balls. The bear’s half exposed anus flexed. Nathaniel watched the soft pink hole wink at him, wishing he never know his roommate this well. He was gonna kick the shit of Chewy once he got big. 

Chad shifted deeper into the couch and Nathaniel was unwillingly pressed up against his asshole. The innards above gave a few deep rumbles and the vibrations rattled into Nathaniel frame from deep within the panda’s body. The small lion roared in frustration. This shouldn't be happening to him. He had to get Chad’s attention before it got any worse. The soft rosey center throbbed against his chest. Maybe if he caressed it a few times. Warmth flooded the sensitive skin and the bud moved quicker. Chad felt a pleasant tickle and he grinded his ass into the couch. Nathaniel was getting more pissed off and knocked the bud as hard as could, kicking against the sphincter. This was just doing gay stuff and he wasn’t into that. The gurgling noises from the panda’s guts became louder and the anus started to pucker hard and tight. 

Pain churned inside Chad. His large intestine was tensed and bloated then he could feel it. He leaned to the side and out came a long relieving fart, warmth flooding his thighs momentarily. Then the smell hit. He made a face. 

“You okay in there? Doing any better?” Chad called. No reply from from the bathroom. The dumbass had probably smoked himself silly. He’d wake up and come out complaining about neck pain. That gave Chad enough time to perform another after meal ritual.

With the putrid fart Nathaniel was given enough space to free himself. He had more room stand but that’s about it. On his knees heaving and retching, balls pressed lightly against his face. Hot furry replaced the urge to vomit and he got up with a swing. His punch connected but instead of a satisfying hit warmth engulfed arm to elbow. Chad’s body unforgivingly tried to pull his arm deeper. Nathaniel fought against the pulsating muscles, hardly able to yank himself out. 

Chad’s cock started to elongate and thicken from the tickle of pleasure. He pulled his hoodie up to his stomach and was surprised how excited he was already. He watched as his thick shaft started to slide up the side of his leg from the pressure. He grabbed his tip and pulled the foreskin down, exposing his head and began using tiny quick little jerks.

Chad’s anus began to darken in color, the light pink inside turning to a dark red. Nathaniel stared transfixed as it winked. The cat broke his trance and turned towards Chad’s huge sack. He attempted to push and prod it forward but textured skin remained firmly planted. The weight of each testicle tremendous. Suddenly they moved, independent of Nathaniel. He took a half step back confused until a rhythmic pattern started to form. 

“Motherfucker!” Nathaniel shouted.

As if in response, Chad gave a particularly hard jerk and a heavy orb smacked against the lion. The odd momentum twisting him backwards and face first into the needy sphincter. 

Nathaniel could only see red. Without thinking, he gripped his own flaccid shaft and pawed himself furiously until cock was rock hard. Giving himself a last few jerks, he harshly ground his hips into Chad’s asshole. Nathaniel gasped, the tight skin puckered. All the pressure around his dick gripped so hard. He used some spit and slowly was able to thrust himself in and out of the textured hole. It was surprising how much he was enjoying this. 

‘Adrenaline,’ he lied to himself.

Chad stared high and transfixed at his own cock as he jerked off. Hand moving quick and rapid, he gripped the foreskin around the base of his head hard. Nothing fancy today. He wanted to cum and cum fast. That didn’t mean he couldn’t add some spice now. 

Nathaniel could feel himself getting closer. Upping his speed, forehead pressed into the soft yet taught flesh as he closed his eyes. Hands gripped the moving folds harder. The pressure was so close to building when without warning humongous fingers pushed against him. Yells were cut off as pizza greasy fingers dug greedily inwards.

Easily, Chad was able to insert two fingers down to the knuckle. He pushed and played, quite familiar with his prostate. Nathaniel thrashed in the tight confines, trying to sink claws into the invading digits, but the panda was closer. Pressure swelled internally and Chad’s body seized from the intensity as long thick ropes shot upwards. White blinded his vision with pump after pump as the pleasure plateaued. The flow tapered and slowly subsided. Nathaniel was gone, dragged deeper into the Chad’s vitals. Trapped in his little air bubble the intensity and pressure had knocked the cat out.  Chad sat there for a minute covered in cooling cum, brain restarting. The head of his penis was super sensitive. The throbbing movements nearly too intense against his fur. He felt drained.

Forcing himself to move, he grabbed some of the leftover napkins. He cleaned off himself, the couch, and the table, thoroughly impressed by the amount. The entire time his cock resisted going back down but it was no bother. The hoodie went down nearly to his knees after all.

He ashed the bowl and lazily went and changed the water in the kitchen sink. Not long after the smell of weed filled the house again. Video games distracted himself until after a few matches his guts started to gurgle again. A long deep fart tore its way through him as the lactose intolerance started to complain. Knowingly he had dug his own grave. Good ice cream too hard to resist. A pain spasm made him break out in a sweat. The brown and white bear rushed upstairs towards the other bathroom.

Left on the couch was a half dead lion. Consciousness returned and he started gasping down as much air as he could. Coughing back to life, Nathaniel looked around in confusion and pain. The video game was paused, blaring music at him cheekily. Chad was nowhere in sight. He couldn’t get caught now. Forced to his feet, he flopped off the couch. He landed heavily and was barely able to keep standing. Frame tottered over to the bathroom and wiggled back under. 

Chad could never find out about this. Nobody could. He was gonna kick Chewy in the ass so hard his testicles were gonna fly off. Then he could go about his life and never think of this incident again.
Powered by an absent minded kick, the synth was sent careening head over heels down the stairs. A smear of scarlet as she bounced off the last few steps and landed in a heap. A painful groan escaped the poor skunk as her consciousness restarted. Physics had kept anything from breaking but not by much. Tonight she had the guest role of...a…drumroll...mop! Cold broke the weird mental fantasy and Pepper’s brain jumpstarted. Short, bright red and white, fur had greedily decided to go ahead and get drunk without her.

One last huff and she began to piece herself back together from the puddle of liquid and fur. She got up. Nervous hands attempted to wring out the sugary alcohol. Face scrunched, dreading the hardened mess her fur would turn into. A few angry snaps dried her tail. A few flecks of alcohol splattered into the air catching the glow of the rotating lights.

Pepper crossed her arms, fuming. Already sticky tufts weighed her down like a deep pressure. Weakly a flaccid mohawk slid sideways into her face. Turquoise paw pads tucked it absentmindedly behind a pointed ear. Pacing in a circle, she calmed herself and pondered.

Shadows interrupted. The mephitine leapt back in fear as the familiar paws of a lion thundered by with a date. The skunk flinched as giant heels racked sharply across the tile. The heavy dance music drowned out the looming duo. From her angle Pepper could barely see them laughing back and forth, oblivious, as they disappeared down the hall to the next room.

The name of the bar hung on the wall, alternating in neon on and off. “The Elephant’s Raveyard” flashed grey and yellow. Underneath a stylized mammoth skull laughed. The crowd outside had been long, loud, and boisterous. Pepper had been scared to sneak in but as long as she played it cool nobody would figure it out, but she still needed to find help.

Teeth bit into lips as she thought.

If not so rudely punted she could have used the micro specified path above the hustle of the crowd. The stairs seemed too daunting a climb. Perhaps easier to venture through the jungle of skin, fur, scale, and feather to the bar instead. An employee would be nice enough to help her back up. Internally she pouted, not really liking any of this.

Loud clops prefaced a tall broad-shouldered fallow deer coming down the stairs. Left antler snapped about midway, he still held himself confidently. Each step made a black shirt pull tightly across his chest.

Pepper’s ears perked with the stewing idea. She got on all fours and prepped herself. Black diamond hooves crashed against cold linoleum, bright and shiny like swinging guillotines. Count the timing.

3...2...

She ran and pounced, hooking the end of the jeans with sharp little claws.

She hung there, taking a second. A deep sigh of relief before scampering forward. Up his jeans, over a large well defined rump, she clutched at a belt loop, breath caught in the anticipation.

Without breaking stride, the deer entered the main area of the bar. He was impressed. Booths and chairs were filled to the brim as various races talked excitedly. Headsized fruity drinks were being split while hookahs were lazily sucked down; long drags regurgitating fruity fumes. Waiters bustled in the fast paced environment serving appetizers as dragons breathed hot multicolored life into coals. The exhales hung low. Smoke permeated into the oscillating crowd that consumed the dance floor, dj mixing from the corner wall, a thick heavy rhythm. The bar wrapped against the opposite side.

Thankfully for Pepper, the deer wanted to get his palette wet. A cheetah got up, deciding she drunkenly wanted to go dance with her friend. Without hesitation, the tired cervine seized the opportunity. Abandoning ship, Pepper deftly jumped to the friend’s chair. The deer didn't even notice. The synth took a few seconds to breathe and calm herself from all the stimulus before scampering up the still-warm black leather. She looked around. Too far from the bartop to jump. Maybe try to catch the bartender’s attention. She waved her tail like a flag.

Moodily a marbled fox gave a yawn, jaws shutting with a quick snap. All night and nobody had caught his attention. It wasn't that he was being picky more so nobody was meeting his standards. Yeah that was it, he told himself.

The vulpine threw back a shot. Tongue followed along a pointy snout, savoring the burn. The kangaroo that had been a little too superficial earlier was eyeballing him still. Standards lowered with each soft smile sent when the ass of a buck tugged his attention. Lazily his gaze ate up the newcomer before sharply focusing on a speck of red. A small skunk? clung for life as the deer headed to the end of the bar.

Confident none had noticed, Fiddle got out of his seat, trying to hide each mischievous tail twitch. The most marbled of the three settled calmly like a belt while the white and black each loosely wrapped around the other. Casually sauntering over, feminine hips given a slight sway, he made way to the empty chair. With the two covetous fingers the small synth was snatched and scooped away as he sat down. Deer and bartender none the wiser as Fiddle ordered another drink. Stealthily the twintail deposited her into an awaiting palm.

Elbows on the bar, he clasped both hands together. Chin resting on thumbs the sharp sweet scent of pepper tickled his nose. Long ears flicked questiongly. Large velvety tongue darted forward and the “micro” yipped. Two licks and a flavorful extract coated his tongue.

“You look lost down here. I'll keep you safe.” The lies practically dripped. He couldn't help but smile as she resisted. What a jackpot! In one smooth motion that looked as if he was simply adjusting he popped her into his pants.

The clumsy yell cut off as warmth and darkness surrounded the synthetic skunk. Brain raced as her heart pounded. Was she figured out?

The air was thick and hot. Musky almost. It made her nose twitch. Multiple sneezes in rapid succession. Like a spicy cinnamon and something else. Pressure from above made standing impossible. Underneath fingertips all she could feel was soft fur, like a downy fuzz, but the skin was floppier than normal and moved. She poked and kneaded, not quite placing the texture. Something large and solid nearby shifted. Had she been stuffed into a pouch? Something wasn’t quite right. In the near complete darkness she couldn't tell. Tentatively she crawled forward.

Fiddle grinned as he felt her prods. Wasn’t his problem some idiot lost their private synth. Couldn’t have asked for a better predicament personally. Quietly he waited for his order. Head tilted back, eyes closed as the chair swiveled back and forth, he enjoyed the sweet sensation of the synths exploration.

With an eye catching thrust, Fiddle sprung from his seat. The buck drawn watched as the lithe body stretched, arms reaching for the sky. Back muscles popped in rapid succession as the vulpine twisted, showing off a rather impressive flexibility.

The world was an unending tumble. Unable to see, dug face first into the fox, she could do nothing but grumble. Flesh molded around her and coated her in a bitter musk. Lungs seized, trying to cough but caught in her throat. Intense heat pulsed from the right as an orb underneath surged and flexed. Damn fox, what was he doing?

Fiddle finished his stretch with a groan, buzzed from the alcohol coursing through his veins. Well maybe past a buzz. He took a seat at half mast. A quick scratch and nudge, pushed the skunk towards a swelling sheath. An uncontrolled shiver made his fur stand delightfully on end.

Realization dawned as she was dragged across hot flesh. The acrid smell was overwhelming as she was wedged between shaft and pants. Excitement leaked across her fur as the pressure built harder and harder until with a shuddering throb, head surged free and consumed her body down to her hips. Frustrated, she wiggled and thrashed. Toes reached and flexed for purchase. Failing, her tail gave a defeated flick.

Fiddle lightly stroked himself through his pants. Thrashing knees kicked against the underside of his head, electing a small groan of pleasure. The deer glanced his way and met his sultry gaze with confidence. The bartender interrupted. Two drinks were passed. One to an imp, the other a gentleman.

Fiddle gave the bartender a coy smile and silently slipped him a tip across the interface. The bartender nodded and followed along, telling the buck that his drink was on the house and motioned towards the fox.

The buck thanked the tender and eyed his flamboyant offering. “Here I thought you were just a nice dame,” he smirked.

“I’m a lot of things, handsome.” Fiddle arched his back seductively, crossing his legs. The buck finally noticed the erection showing off.

Without missing a beat. “Next time I should order you a drink.” Four fingered hand brushed playfully over Fiddle’s shaft. A finger swiped across a head and made the fox moan and buck forward. Unknowingly Pepper’s hips were pushed in the last of the way. Deeper and father the red skunk was eaten by eager muscles. As Fiddle thrusted against the deer’s huge hand the purple inners of his ears darkened in a blush. The buck continued to tease the fox’s shaft a few more times before parting with a light brush across his thigh. Fiddle twitched. That had felt a little too good. Too close for just a few strokes.

Hands ran up the deer’s muscular arm, a seductive wink before slipping off his chair. Leaning up to reach his hot breath whispered, “This is my favorite song.” Tails playfully tried to wiggle underneath the tight shirt. “I’ll be back for that offer.”

The fox’s heartbeat thundered in rhythm around the synth, steady in her ears like a drum. Barely able to move in her small prison her body was held tight by all the pressure. She wasn’t fearful though. Genetically speaking she was made for this. Once the fox had his fun he would go soft and she could crawl her way out if his body didn’t do the job for her. Just had to be patient. She growled in a whiny annoyance and gave a few useless struggles.

As Fiddle headed to the dance floor casually he checked his pants. Only a drooling cock stared back. No skunk but he could feel her in his base. What a fun little toy she was being. Muscles tensed trying to pull the synth deeper. Barely, he stopped himself from cumming as his cock jumped a few times, straining against the cloth.

Where’s the end of him, Pepper thought annoyed as his prostate massaged her hungrily, coating her in a variety of different fluids and textures. She enjoyed his taste.

There was still more to her journey as the fox’s body continued to clench and help her along until with a wet squelch she was ejected into salty depths. Oxygen traded with mobility and she headed towards the surface. Faintly the bass could be heard from outside competing with thundering heartbeats. A fine mess she had gotten herself into tonight. Family jewels her ass.

She waded, feet unable to touch bottom. The surface continuously sloshed and churned around, outside movements causing crests to go over her head. Quickly she swam to the side, clinging to the solid yet textured flesh. The walls pulsed intensely with blood. She had doubts his erection was going to go away on its own and she had other ways she wanted to spend the night than curled up inside a fox. She pressed against the sensitive walls, wiggling and massaging as much as she could reach.

Fiddle was making his way into the crowd. He could feel a spot where precum was slowly gathering and dripping down his thigh. Private synths were very enthusiastic indeed. Maybe he should buy one. On the far side of the crowd a blonde cheetah caught his eye, shaking her hips hard as her skirt flared and bobbed to the music. No underwear.

He found his mark.

Sliding into the crowd, he began dancing his way over to her. Impressed with his moves and still tipsy herself the cheetah invited him over. Confidently he began dancing with her. After a song, she ground her ass against him, feeling his large package grind. She closed her eyes in relish.

She spun around and gave him a sneaky smile. Leading him over to the side, hidden from the eyes of the staff who cared, she pushed him flat against the wall. Eagerly her ass ground against him. He placed his hands on her hips and nibbled on her ear. As she shivered, tails started on the buttons to his pants. He loved her look when his cock leapt forward, hard and ready. Surprise turned into content as she grinded him between her cheeks. Wiggling up and down, she pressed backwards against him. Small hand reached around and began rubbing and fondling his balls as he gave his own finger a nice long lick. Nice and wet, he stretched her tight opening.

Hand fell away as her brain focused on the finger dipping in and out. Fiddle’s other slipped under her shirt and grabbed her boob. He played with her tit as head grinded against her hole but stopped when the synth hit a particularly pleasurable spot and a gush of cum escaped.

Damn thing was too good. He didn’t have the time for foreplay.

The cheetah glanced back at him, annoyed.

Why the delay.

Spotted tail wrapped around his leg, coaxing him. Fiddle couldn’t resist. Head pushed forward, flared edges popping smoothly into her. He paused and let her adjust, easing himself. Slowly. Slowly. He tried not be greedy and slam fuck her. Soft thrusts, each time wiggling further and further. He got about half way when she started bouncing lightly up and down of her own accord.

A steady slosh built as a rhythm was set. An erratic heartbeat the only thing Pepper had to ground herself. Orientation meant nothing in the tight constricted chamber when she was flung around. Down was up, up was sideways, and backwards was constant. Desperately she tried to stay above the liquid. More mixed into the chamber and she held her breath. The concern was fleeting as the muscles around her changed and a pressure began to build against her body. She braced.

Fiddle slammed all the way into the cheetah holding himself as he unloaded. He could feel the synth start to move through him. After the third and fourth cum spurt he felt her enter the base. Abruptly he pulled out, gripping himself hard, preventing her escape.

The cheetah gave a slightly annoyed gasp. She had been so close to cumming again. He gave her ear another small nibble as his free hand shot forward to pet her lips. He stretched her open, fingers ran along her entrance. So wet from the excitement. Fingers dipped into her, short and shallow, building a rhythm. It didn't take long until her walls were tightening around his hand and she gave a small moan.

Slowly he licked the cum off long spindly fingers.

She leaned against the wall next to him, relearning how to breath as he put himself back. With a parting kiss, he headed back to the bar and to the awaiting buck. No way he was letting his synth escape, the night was just starting.
Lila the tigress gets more than she bargained for when a hunky grey wolf shows up to her party!  
[https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38528651/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38528651/)
Hi, freaks! My new story, "Struck!" is now available on SoFurry: [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1622736](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1622736)

And on FurAffinity: [https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38008816/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/38008816/)

New chapter for "No-go with Bogo?!" dropping tonight! Hope I'll see you all then.

Stay freaky! - Ames

Available NOW on SoFurry:  [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1614594](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1614594) 

And on FurAffinity:  [https://www.furaffinity.net/view/37677863/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/37677863/) 

Don't forget to find me on Furry Amino! I upload content daily for the freaks! Thanks for reading everyone! -  Ames
[https://www.sofurry.com/view/1609641](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1609641)

Don't forget to find me on:

SoFurry -  [https://amadeus-wolfpaw.sofurry.com/](https://amadeus-wolfpaw.sofurry.com/)

FurAffinity -  [https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ameswolfpaw/](https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ameswolfpaw/)

And Furry Amino! I upload content every day for the freaks! See you guys later. - Ames

https://preview.redd.it/q2nak5txp7e51.png?width=1704&format=png&auto=webp&s=4f50a2353a4e3656804a54179c1baece24c9a94a
[https://www.sofurry.com/view/1602618](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1602618)

Don't forget to find me on Furry Amino! Thanks so much, fellow freaks. - Ames

https://preview.redd.it/2weljarlfga51.png?width=1700&format=png&auto=webp&s=b1cf21f419905770ae92bd41216f522cdd0b84f0



You hear your girlfriend call you for help with her science project across the house. You, not having anything important, decide to walk over to her room to see what she needs help with. Your girlfriend is a sexy furry wolf and her tits are big and jiggle like jelly. Whenever you see her naked after she showers your dick gets stone-hard. However, both of you have not had sex yet but you secretly want to. You go to your girlfriend's house and see that she is on the bed with some papers around the place. She turns around and sees you and opens the door. "So, what's your project about?", you ask, looking at the mess of paper. "It's about the reproductive system and the teacher wants us to do a practical experiment.", she says with a small smirk on her face. You immediately think she's hinting something to you but you continue acting normal. She closes the bedroom door and you sit down with her. "Wow, it's quite hot in this room.", she says. You go to switch on the fan but then she stops you and says it's broken. "You know what, I'll just take off my clothes. That'll be much cooler." She strips down until her bottom half of her body is naked. She removes her bra and you see her tits drop and jiggle. You start feeling a bit warm and you know what she's trying to tell you so you ask if you can take off your clothes. She agrees and you take off your clothes until you're naked. She stares at your dick, as she subtly licks her lips. "Sitting on the bed gets very uncomfortable. I need something new to sit on." You immediately know you're about to have some fun so you ask what options she has in mind. "I could get a chair but it takes a long time to get one. How about I sit on your face~" You agree immediately and lie down on the bed, ready for her juicy buns to caress your face and her vagina to lick. The buns slowly lower as you open your mouth and stick your tongue out. Your tongue sinks into her vagina and you start licking her clit. She moans and says, "Wow... I feel so good...this...is...great..." You continue licking her clit and enjoy the warmth of the buttcheeks on your face. The taste is wonderful and you savour her vagina. She stands up and says she wants you to start fucking her. "What about a condom?",you ask. She goes to her closet and turns around with a condom in her mouth. The look of her naked with a condom in her mouth looks super sexy. She rips it open and places it over your erect penis for you. She then turns around and spreads her legs and butt, exposing her vagina, beckoning you to bring the sausage to the bun. You start thrusting in and out of her and she moans and you slowly start cumming. Her silky smooth vaginal walls are perfect and you don't even need lube. You thrust in and out even more and start cumming. Meanwhile she moans even louder as you enjoy this moment. You cum even more before she says you should taste something else. You pull your wet dick out of her and see that she is holding her tits and pointing it at you. It looks so juicy and tasty that you don't even hesitate and start sucking on her boobs. She looks at you a small smirk while you savour her giant melons. "Well, I should repay the favour of tasting some of your genitals.", you say as you stand up and point your penis at her face. She stares at it and then enjoys the big sausage. You look down and see her sucking on your dick and you start cumming and moaning in delight. She then asks you to lie down on the bed and surrounds your penis with her boobs and starts stroking it with her tits. You see them jiggle which looks fantastic and the fact that you start cumming makes you feel so good! She savours the sausage one more time and smacks her lips. "Your cum is so delicious~", she says with cum dripping from her mouth. After both of you are done  with the fun, you cuddle with her on the bed, holding and squeezing her boobs while she strokes your dick. "That was really fun~ You really helped with my project~", she says with a smile on her face. Both of you eventually fall asleep on the bed in exhaustion with both of you hugging each other.
Hey r/YifFiction, don't see a lot of activity here, so I figured I'd post this.

I've been writing on an increasingly competent level for a few years now, and I've recently gotten into writing sexual, fetishistic, and pornographic stuff under this pen name, and wanted to share some of it!

I just did a series, based off a story I read 10 years ago (with permission) about a group of furries who use a sci-fi machine to swap genitals, leading to some transformation-fetish stuff as well as delving seriously into Transgender and Morphological Freedom. One of the things I really like about this plot is that it really utilizes the Furry stuff as more than just an aesthetic or backdrop: the fact that they're different species actually matters in this series. I also really like how it's WAY more introspective than just characters being perverted and having sex (there's a lot of that in the 3rd story), because it actually moves on from just "Fetish Porn" to actually feeling like a work of "Literature". I'm very proud of it!

If this sounds interesting to you, you can read the first story (and the next 3) at...

**FurAffinity** \-  [http://www.furaffinity.net/view/33896407/](https://www.furaffinity.net/view/33896407/)**SoFurry** \-  [https://www.sofurry.com/view/1513110](https://www.sofurry.com/view/1513110)**InkBunny** \-  [https://inkbunny.net/s/2038901](https://inkbunny.net/s/2038901)**Furrific** \- [https://www.furiffic.com/TanukiDragoness/view/169608](https://www.furiffic.com/TanukiDragoness/view/169608)
Our second game available to play on Discord and Telegram (and soon kik,) we present College Daze! An interactive roleplay text-adventure game where you take control of a submissive little red panda at the end of his college graduation!

With 32,000 words, over 350 decisions and dozens of paths to choose from, you're going to have a ton of fun playing through all the various options and \*cough\* meeting all the individuals ;)

We have another game available called Deer's Journey if College isn't for you! A more fantasy based with a little less of a submissive focus. Hope you all enjoy! I'll leave the links below as well as the link to our Twitter and Telegram Announcements!

Telegram: [https://t.me/furryadventurebot](https://t.me/furryadventurebot)  
Discord: [https://discord.gg/WkpWMep](https://discord.gg/WkpWMep)

Telegram Announcements: [https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAFPLgLJbDsQPZLUp1w](https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAFPLgLJbDsQPZLUp1w)  
Twitter Announcements: [https://twitter.com/fur\_inter](https://twitter.com/fur_inter)

Have fun!

We've been getting to another game after our previous small M/M project and have written one with up to 450 decisions currently and a ton of characters to meet and... interact with ;)   


Interactive story is on a Telegram Bot. Here's the link:  [http://t.me/furryadventurebot](http://t.me/furryadventurebot) 
Interactive NSFW story available at: [http://t.me/furryadventurebot](http://t.me/furryadventurebot)
[The Last Part](http://queentiaiactura.blogspot.ca/2017/07/season-five-part-nine.html)

I hope everyone enjoys the ending. Thanks to each of you for reading. I'm not completely done with this story, but it is complete now. I'm going to take a little break, then give the entire thing some editing, commission an art or two for it, and re-release it as a downloadable pdf.

I would love any feedback, as I can take it into consideration for the finalized version.


Hello, I feel the need to put a disclaimer on this part of the story. I would very much appreciate if you read this first, the link is below.

_________________________________________________

**Disclaimer:**   
Before I begin, I would like to thank anyone reading this post, or who has already read any part of my story. Thank you for your interest, I truly appreciate it.

**Warning: Graphic Content**   
As you are aware, this story includes adult content. But compared the previous parts I have posted, the adult content in Part Six is very dark. It is not my goal to offend anyone, but I am more than concerned that what I have written will inevitably do so. I can apologize in advance, if you read Part Six, or anything I have written, and are not happy with the experience; I am sorry. I would hope that if anyone is upset with me, they would speak their mind either in the comments section or via a Private Message if they prefer. Though I would ask everyone to please remain polite. I am always appreciative of feedback, positive or not.

_________________________________________________

So, assuming I haven't discouraged you completely...

[Season Five, Part Six](http://queentiaiactura.blogspot.ca/2017/05/season-five-part-six.html)








As the title suggest, let's establish some ground rules. What content is allowed? What are the posting guidelines and rules?
the background seems to be Kat from twokinds! ^^
That must be the new Pikachu girl the guys were talking about. I don’t know why they kept talking about her. She’s not that cute…
Who am I kidding? She’s smoking hot! Dammit! I didn’t want to believe them. What’s a cutie like her doing working at a bookstore? She looks completely out of place! How can anyone possibly look at books with all that bright yellow fur at the register? I bet it feels really soft too… No, stop it me! I’m getting carried away by her good looks!
She’s probably a total slut! I can almost guarantee she slept with more guys than she can count. Girls that look like her are always like that. That’s why she’s probably working here. Needs more money for make-up and skimpy outfits. All her ‘boyfriends’ love that stuff but aren’t willing to pay for it themselves… I would treat her way better than any of those fools. If I ever got her, I would do everything I could not to let her go. I wonder if she would say yes if I asked to fuck her? She’s a slut so she’ll say yes? She might even strip in the middle of the store and beg for it… Shit, I’m getting hard. Better get this boy down quick…
“Hi! I have the order of new inventory for the store?” She’s even better looking up close. Those red spots on her cheeks are just too much. Her face is already pretty enough without it looking like she’s constantly blushing. I would love to see that face with a mouthful of my dick.
Oh, yeah! The manager said you would be coming by. Oh god, even her voice is way too sexy. I bet she’s a screamer. All of her neighbors probably make noise complaints every night because she can’t keep her voice down when she’s being dicked. She’ll lose her voice in the morning if she ever gets with me…
Wait, what am I even thinking? She’s just your everyday slut. I don’t want a girl like her. She’s had to have had at least ten different kinds of STDs by now. I just got to do my job quickly and get out of here as fast as I can.
“Yeah, so I’m just going to put these on the shelves behind you. Is that alright?”
Sure thing! I’ll be right here if you need me.
Thanks for the help! I’m really glad you’re giving me a hand when you’re so busy sitting at the desk attending to all of those nonexistent customers. That’s fine though. I’ll just unbox everything myself. You would just be a distraction anyway. I mean, just look at her. She probably-
Wait a second… what’s with that huge ass! I can barely even see the chair! I’ve never seen an ass this big before! Each cheek’s got to be at least the size of a watermelon. And it’s so close! I’ve never seen a butt this big up close before. I just want to reach out and grab a handful of her ass and let my fingers sink into that meat before I-
Crap, she turned this way! Did she catch me looking? Don’t mind me, I’m just opening up some boxes... good, I don’t think she noticed.
It’s her own fault anyway. That skirt is barely covering her! How does she expect guys like me not to stare when she’s flaunting her caboose around for everyone to see? Actually, now that I look more closely… she’s not even wearing panties! She’s even sluttier than I thought! I think I can even see her pussy from here… it looks so tight…
I’m so fucking hard right now. I want to stick it in her so bad. There’s a backroom right over there too. I just want to drag her in there and lock the door behind us. She’ll bend over right in front of me and beg for my dick. I’d spank her so hard, her cheeks would be as red as the ones on her face before I finally bury my manhood inside her. I’ll give it to her so good, everyone around the block would hear her screaming my name. Dammit! Why do all the slutty girls have to be so hot?
But who am I kidding? She’s way out of my league. There’s no way she’ll let me do anything like that. Even sluts like her have standards. Maybe if I’m lucky, she’ll let me be her chair. If I do a good enough job, she might even sit on my face for a bit. I’d be able to die a happy man, suffocating under an ass that gorgeous…
Oh no, she’s looking this way again! I think we just locked eyes too… she’s not saying anything though? Maybe she thinks it was just by chance? I better finish this job quick. If I stay here any longer, she might start thinking I’m a pervert or something. Just one more box…
Dammit! I don’t want this to end. When will I get this close of a look at her ass again? Should I just go for it and ask her out? No way! I can’t even ask out average-looking girls. Do I really expect myself to find the courage to ask out a hottie like her? What should I do then…
I know! I’ll take a quick pic of her ass before I go! That way, I can look at it whenever I want! It’s not as good as the real deal, but it’ll still be something. She’s not looking this way, right? Good.
Alright, let me just quickly pull out my phone. Switch to the camera. Got to make sure the flash is off… Flash off? Good. Alright, now I just got to take the pic…
Fuck! She saw me! There’s no doubt about it this time. I got my phone pointed right at her derriere, and we’re looking right at each other. I’m in so much trouble… but she has a smile on her face?
Wait… is she… is she spreading her ass for me? Oh god, she really is a slut! But damn, look at that donut. I’ve never seen as asshole that beautiful before. She’s so hot, even her asshole gets me turned on. I wonder if she’s done anal before… that’s not important right now. What am I supposed to do? Should I take the pic?
She winked at me! I guess that’s the okay. Alright. Picture taken and… saved! Do I say thanks? Should I smile in appreciation or just leave? This is way too weird for me…
Oh, is she saying something? She’s mouthing something. Li…Lick… Lick it? Me? She wants me to lick it? I was fine with just the picture, but this?! My heart is racing so much right now! Is she really asking me to eat her ass? Only one way to find out…
Katherine watched her people quickly scatter to various ships, then casually walk toward one of the multiple exits. Heidie had even managed to make it look like she and Martin were a couple. She went back inside, and climbed the ladder to the second level, the one where the captain’s ready room had been.

Now all it contained was a bed, dresser and shower. The bed was equipped with a cryo field generator because she hated the blood replacement system. If she’d been able to afford it, that was the system she would have used on the chairs. Some of her people had reactions to the blood replacement system and she had to keep that into account when she calculated her timetables.

She showered and dressed in something more appropriate to a corporate security agent. Later, once the hunt was truly underway, showing up in body armor wouldn’t be a problem, but she needed to make the right first impression if she wanted the local Law to be on her side.

She didn’t hurry. She wanted her people far from the port before she made her appearance. She wanted anyone who might have seen them exit this ship to have moved on or forgotten about it.

As a last piece to her costume, she pulled an ID out from the bottom of the drawer. It was gray and only had the word Luminex on it. She closed her eyes as memories of better times flooded her. Memories of Tom, of him laughing with her, of them enjoying food in his office while going over security plans.

But immediately on the heel of them came the memory of stepping into his office after Tristan had been there. His body on the ground like a discarded doll, his head twisted to an impossible angle. She hadn’t been there to save him because she’d been making arrangement for a special dinner. She’d wanted a romantic place to tell him that it was time for them to have children. Tom had wanted kids. She’d been the one unsure of it.

She forced the memories away. She couldn’t indulge in them. Not until his killer was brought to justice. A swift and final justice. Tristan wasn’t getting a prison cell from her. He wasn’t getting a chance to escape an do this to another wife. All she would give him was a bolt at the back of the head. It’s what he should have gotten the first time he was caught. Monsters like him didn’t deserve to be part of some corporation’s bottom line.

She slipped the ID in her breast pocket and looked at herself in the mirror. At her mangled face, a reminder of the last time she’d been close to getting Tom’s killer, but somehow he’d known it was her. How he’d known that when basically every mercenary in the universe was also there she didn’t know. Maybe Alex had told him about their encounter.

She hands closed into fists. Crimson. She’d known he was in on it. She’d known in from the start, but they’d been too good at hiding the evidence. Still, if she’d been given the time, she would have gotten the truth out of him, but that new president had been too scared of the bad press it could have caused. He’d forced her to release him, he’d given him back his job, given him access to the mainframe. The idiot had given the coercionist who had let Tristan inside the company access to where any proof might have been of what Tristan had done.
The previous president would never have let that happen. She hadn’t met him, but Tom had talked about him. About how security conscious he was, about how he wasn’t afraid of making the tough calls to ensure the company’s survival. The fact he wasn’t human had been an afterthought for Tom after all that.
She cursed silently. Now wasn’t the time for Tom. Now was the time to get to work, to avenge him.
* * * * *
Reaching the port’s administrative office was simple. She’d memorized the way, and had headed there. If anyone had wondered if she belonged beyond the public areas, her confident stride and focused expression told them she belonged where ever she wanted.
Her entrance into the office drew a few gazes, and then some double takes. Her face tended to cause that. She went to the third desk on her right because the woman there was younger. The display at the front of the desk said her name was Tiffany.
Katherine stood before her and waited.
The young woman finished typing, reached for a mug and took a sip before noticing her presence.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” she said, looking up. “What can I—” She startled hard enough she spilled some of her drink. She cursed softly and dabbed at the liquid on her jacket. Anything not to look at her face, Katherine knew. Putting people off like this was the main reason she hadn’t gotten it fixed. The other was that she wanted the reminder of what Tristan took from her.
The woman composed herself and when she looked up again she didn’t react. “Hello, how can I help you?”
“My name is Katherine.” She produced her ID. “I’m with Silt Security. We’re employed by Luminex. I need access to your security feed.”
She just stared at Katherine. “Excuse me?”
Katherine sighed. “You heard me.”
“We don’t make our security feed available to the public.” The woman had regained her composure.
“I’m not ‘the public’ Tiffany. I’m Corporate Security. Now, I’m sure you don’t get visits from us all that often, this place seems quiet enough, but unless you want me to bring down a ship’s worth of trouble on you, you’re going to give me that access.”
“I can’t do—”
“You know what. I’m not dealing with this. Call your supervisor.” Katherine gave the shock a moment to register with the woman. “No, better yet, call his manager.”
The other people had glanced in their direction and then fastidiously gone back to their work.
“Wh—why do you need that access?” the question was tentative.
Katherine gave the woman a pleasant smile. “Now that’s a productive question.” She took out her datapad and brought up a picture. “There was a breakout from a prison. I’m hunting down one of the prisoners.” She showed Martin’s picture to her. “I have reason to believe he came through here so I need to go over the recordings.”
The woman hesitated. She looked at the comm system, then her screen and then Katherine.
She sighed. “Look, if you’re doubting who I am, check Luminex’s public database. You’ll see that Silt Security does their security.” She knew that was true because she’d paid good money to make sure the public side of that database hadn’t been informed of her termination.
The coercionist hadn’t been cheap, but he’d done the job. She still dealt with him from time to time because she hadn’t been able to find a coercionist of her own. Those she’d approached were too comfortable inside the corporate structure. Those who weren’t in there, were criminals, and while she might use criminals here and there, she wasn’t going to have one in her employ.
The woman made her decision and stood. “If you’ll follow me, Ma’am.” She led Katherine through a locked door, down a few corridors, past people and doors until they reached one marked ‘security.’ She buzzed it and it opened.
The man seated in front of the screens was overweight, probably a reject from the Law. Corporate security rejects were still too good to end up in this kind of position. He was staring at Katherine’s face.
“This is Katherine,” the woman said, “She’s with Luminex, she needs to look at our security feed.
Katherine moved around the woman. The man was still staring. She stared back, and he realized what he was doing. He turned to face the screens. “What can I do?”
“You can get out of the chair.”
He didn’t even hesitate.
She took his place and surveyed the wall of screens until she found Tristan’s ship. She kept her gaze moving. The camera was stationary, good, it would make this easier.  She entered commands and every feed moved backward.
“Ma’am,” the man said, “If you tell me what you’re looking for, I’m sure I can get it for you.”
“She’s looking for an escaped convict,” the young woman whispered.
“Shouldn’t you get back to your desk?” Katherine said.
“Won’t you need me to take you back?”
“Thank you, but I can find my way out. The doors aren’t locked from this side.” She kept her eyes moving, but kept Tristan’s ship in her peripheral vision.
Then it wasn’t there anymore.
She got the feed moving forward at double speed. She watched as it landed. She watched the time stamp. Barely more than a day ago. She almost smiled. Other than when she’d lost half her face, this was the closest she’d ever been to him. She would get him this time.
She watched his accomplice leave the ship, then return. Both of them exited the ship. Tristan closed it. She followed them from feed to feed until they reached a shuttle rental. She made a mental note of it and went back to looking at the feeds, speeding them up.
She watched her ship land. The next thing that happened was her exiting. She rewound a few minutes and set the feeds moving at regular speed. This time when she looked at them, she was searching for a specific face among them. She smiled when she found Martin’s worried expression.
“Gotcha.”
* * * * *
The motel room was empty.
It wasn’t just empty, it had been sterilized.
Katherine wasn’t surprised. Unless Tristan was destroying a place, he never left evidence of his presence. Even in Crimson’s place there had been nothing but some shed fur to indicate he’d been there. She was confident that the only reason that had been there was that she’d beaten him there. He hadn’t had time to get to his accomplice’s apartment and clean everything out. Or, possibly, because he had a worse reaction to the fabricated virus they’d used to justify his absence from work, Tristan had abandoned him.
She had to admit that Crimson was good. He wasn’t a plant, she was certain of that, he’d worked for Luminex for decades before Tristan became aware of them. How the alien had turned him she didn’t know. Everything in Alex’s file said he was loyal. He had a near perfect attendance record as well as being one of the top coercionists the company had. The one eccentricity he had, was his attraction to male aliens.
They had to have missed something. That wasn’t enough for Tristan to have gotten so much of his loyalty that, within months of getting his job back, Alex was stealing from the company and running to space to rejoin his partner.
She stepped out of the room and looked at the shuttle. It was the one Alex had rented. Convincing the rental agency to give her the tracking frequency had been simple, and she’d confirmed they had been at the Telrize complex when the attack there happened, but now they were off to whatever other part of their job needed to get done, and they’d changed vehicle.
Of course the motel didn’t have anything resembling security. Tristan wouldn’t pick a place that could give away his presence that easily. There were cameras in the surrounding streets, but that meant dealing with the local Law to gain access to them. She wasn’t sure her ID would survive the level of scrutiny they could put it through. It had the previous times, but all it took was one time for it to become useless.
Sure, Silt Security still existed even without the ID, but without the Power a corporation like Luminex brought, it wouldn’t help open doors.
She’d start by doing
Coco double-clicked the filmclip's icon on her laptop. The chipmunk watched it from beginning to end, her fingers playing idly with her clit. Then she got out her dildo and vibrator. She went back to the beginning of the scene, as the two characters kissed passionately. Coco started the clip playing again, then slipped the dildo into her now-very-wet cunt. She waited a few seconds until the cougar put his hands around the Water Spaniel's neck, then applied the vibrator to her clit and watched as he started strangling his lover.

The spaniel made no move to fight him off, and the two of them resumed kissing. After a while, she whispered something, which the subtitles translated as "I love you." The cougar squeezed harder. The spaniel sat up straighter, but still didn't try to resist. When she was nearly gone she arched her back and held onto him desperately, but that was all. The cougar let go just over a minute after he started squeezing, and panted as he hugged her body to his chest.

Coco came as she watched the femme's body start to slump over. The chipmunk turned off the vibrator and moved the dildo slowly in and out, bringing herself slowly down from the "high" of watching the bitch struggle and die.

Coco closed the laptop and got into bed. She pulled the blankets over herself and was asleep in seconds.

========

Coco woke up, panicked, unable to breathe. She opened her eyes. A little light leaked through the windows from the city outside. There was a marten bent over her. She realized that his fingers were around her neck. That was why she couldn't breathe.

Yes! That was Coco's first thought. Then, No. I need more. She tried to talk, to tell the male what she wanted, but no sound came out. She moved her lips as if talking, but he didn't understand. He doesn't realize I'm trying to tell him something...

Coco started to panic. I am about to die, here in bed, without anybody to hug me, to kiss me, to fuck me. I must make him understand. Wait... I know... The chipmunk held her hand up next to her mouth and brought her thumb and fingers together, then opened them again, then closed, then open--miming somebody talking.

The man looked startled. "You want to talk, 'munk?"

Coco nodded her head as much as she could and made the talking motion again.

"No way. I let go of your neck and you'll scream the whole building down."

No, I won't. How do I... The femme held one hand open, held an imaginary pen in the other, and made writing motions. Then she pointed at her bedside table.

"Oh, you want to write. Okay." He eased up a little. Coco gratefully drew in a little air. "Hey, Rowland, get over here and give this slut her pen and paper.

Coco realized there was a tanuki watching, rubbing himself through his pants. He came over, picked up the pen and notepad, and put them in Coco's reaching hands. She quickly wrote a message and showed it to the second male.

[q]Were you going to fuck my body after you strangle me?[/q]

"Of course. Once we get nice and hard from watching you die, we'll use your body for our pleasure."

[q]How about you use my body while you strangle me. Wouldn't that be even better? [/q]

"You want to get fucked and strangled?"

[q]I want you inside me while you strangle me to death.[/q]

The tanuki -- Rowland? -- showed the pad to the first. "Hey, Denny, look at this!"

The marten looked at the pad, then at Coco. "You serious?"

Coco made the "OK" circle with her thumb and forefinger.

"Well, I'll give it a try. But you try screaming and I'll break your neck." Denny stopped squeezing, but he kept his hands around her neck, his thumbs pressing lightly on her windpipe.

Coco pulled in enough air to talk, then said, "No screaming. I don't want to miss out on this."

Denny looked at her, searching her face for any sign of sarcasm or resistance. "We've strangled a few girls, mostly young 'uns, in their 20s like you. But we've never had one like... well, like you. Saying you want it. What drives you?"

"Go over, open my laptop, and watch the video that's on the screen."

The tanuki went over and opened the laptop. He clicked the play button and watched the clip from beginning to end, all two minutes and nineteen seconds of it. He was breathing hard when he finished. "Let's trade places, Denny. You just gotta see this one." He walked over to the bed and put his fingers around Coco's neck. Denny let go and Rowland squeezed, just a little, to keep Coco aware of her ultimate fate.

It was all Coco could do to keep her hands away from her pussy. Don't want to freak them out...

The marten watched the clip. He got to where the Water Spaniel slumped down, pulled the pointer back to where the cougar started squeezing, and watched to the inevitable end.

"Wow!"

"Yeah, wow!" Coco said. "Now come over here and kiss me."

Denny came over, bent down, and kissed Coco. She reached up, grabbed his head, and kissed him back passionately, pulling his lower lip into her mouth. She broke the kiss for a moment. "Hey, Rowland, you can have fun with my tits and pussy, okay?"

"Wow. Yeah!" He gave up even the pretense of his hands around her neck and slid them down to squeeze her boobs. Then he took a nipple in his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. Coco gasped at the sensation. The tanuki stopped for a moment, licked the fingers of one hand, and used that to play with Coco's already-sensitized nipple while he transferred his mouth to the other nipple.

Within seconds Coco was keening; she just couldn't stay silent with the overload of pleasure from her tits. Denny covered her mouth with his own to keep her quiet. Coco wriggled her hips, begging for more, but the men just kept kissing her mouth and nips.

Finally Rowland relented and reached down to finger her clit. "She's dripping," he reported.

Denny broke the kiss. "Shall we?" he asked.

"Yes. Oh, yes!" Coco said.

" How do we do this? One after the other?"

"I was thinking I could take both of you at the same time. One in my mouth -- I give great blowjobs -- and one in my cunt. As soon as I finish the blowjob, the one in my mouthhe can squeeze my neck shut and strangle me with his cum in my mouth, while my spasming pussy grips the other one's dick . How about that?"

"Sounds good."

"Oh, yeah!"

Denny put his thumbs back around Coco's soft spot while Rowland pulled his clothes off. Then they switched places and the marten stripped.

Coco looked at them. Flat bellies, good shoulders. Handsome faces. Bet they don't have any trouble getting vanilla sex. Uhh... if they can enjoy it without snuffing a girl... nice, big straight cocks. And such strong hands. I'm going to enjoy this so much!

Coco got on her hands and knees on the bed. The tanuki crouched behind her and put his tip against her opening. "Wow, is she wet!"

"You bet I am! Now get inside me."

Rowland pushed himself into Coco's cunt. She gripped him tightly. "Yeah, like that."

Denny stood in front of Coco, his cock pointing straight ahead.

"C'mon in. I think you'll find the accommodations to your liking."

"Enough talking!" Denny grabbed Coco's head and shoved his dick into her mouth. Coco formed her lips into a tight circle around it and found his frenum with her tongue. She sucked him in, then let out an inch or so, over and over. Denny groaned in pleasure, and Coco changed to a slower rhythm, sliding her lips down his cock, then back up, pausing each time to flick her tongue where it would do the most good.

"Oh, yeah, that's nice," Denny said.

Coco settled to work, moving up and down and enjoying the taste and the feel of his nice, clean cockskin in her mouth, occasionally moaning at the pleasure from Rowland sliding in and out of her cunt.

"More?" the marten pleaded. Coco took him deeper, still keeping the same rhythm.

She felt Rowland start to speed up inside her, and opened her mouth for a moment. "Slow down, there, cowboy. I want you still inside me when Denny here finishes me off." Rowland exerted his will, moving only a couple of inches at a time and pausing between thrusts. Coco went back to sucking on Denny.

Then, "More? Faster? Please?"

Coco moved up and down Denny's cock as fast as she could, sucking hard and pressing her tongue against the underside as she slid back and forth.

"Almost there...Almost..." The marten's words disappeared into a long moan of pleasure. Then, "Please yes? Pleeaaasse yes? Pleeeeaaaaase.... YESSSSS!"

Coco felt the hot liquid gush into her mouth and tasted the slightly bitter flavor of Denny's semen. Normally she would swallow it as it came, but this time she wanted to keep that taste in her mouth. She kept working him, drawing the cum from his cock until no more came.

"That's... stop... please stop..." Coco slid slowly off Denny's dick, still holding his cream in her mouth.

"Oh, yeah. That was..." Denny reached down, put his fingers around Coco's neck, and squeezed hard, cutting off the chipmunk's breath. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Do me good! She wanted to say it, but she had her mouth closed and anyway she couldn't make any sound. So she concentrated on the pleasure now emanating from her center as Rowland did exactly what she would have asked for. He fucked her hard, deep and fast.

Fingers around my neck. Squeezing, like the cougar squeezed the spaniel's neck in La Belle. It hurts, some. Not as much as I thought it would.

The marten looked down at Coco. She was pushing back against Rowland, matching him thrust for thrust. Denny had expected her to struggle, but she kept rhythm with Rowland; being strangled didn't seem to bother her at all.

This went on for over a minute. Then Coco's muscles tensed. Her body went rigid. Suffocating... Want air... Need air so much... Please, just one more breath...

The tanuki was getting close. He slowed down a little, stretching it out. Waiting for the inevitable.

Got to have air! Got to have it no matter what!

The chipmunk reached up with one hand, grabbing Denny's arm. She tried to pull his hand free from her neck. But he was stronger than she was. She hit at his arm, grabbed his wrist and jerked, but he held on tight.

Coco's struggles were pure pleasure for Rowland. He slammed into her hard, pulled halfway out, and slammed into her again and again.

What's that sensation... where's it... coming from... dunno but I... like...it.

Coco's hands slowly relaxed and slipped from the cougar's as her head drooped. She might have slid off the bed, except for Rowland pounding into her cunt, fucking her deep and fine.

Everything fading... That sensation... more... so good... Aiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeee!!

Rowland slammed into Coco's cunt and stayed there, his semen flooding into her.

So warm... so good.... so....

Rowland stayed in as his semen pulsed into Coco's cunt, but she could no longer feel it. When he was done, he pulled out slowly. Denny held on, his fingers clamping Coco's throat closed, for another five minutes, then let go and checked for a carotid pulse. Nothing.

"That was... fine..." Rowland panted.

"Sure was. Be nice if we could do it again, but she's as gone as gone can be."

"That's part of what made it so fine."

"Yeah. I wonder how we might find other willing victims."

"Hmmm....."
Triangulating location.

Analyzing user data.

Uplinking bioscans to home satellite.

"Congratulations, user," a woman's voice automatically chimed. The tiger’s cell phone screen turned sky blue. "Welcome, to the Slider Plus Alpha. As a reminder, S+ is not responsible for Please, select a modification."

One by one, sliding bars appeared beneath one another.

Height.

Weight.

Muscle.

Sex.

They went on and on. Jess couldn’t believe he had the literally life-altering program at his disposal. Right there, his entire body able to be changed in any way he liked. He had applied months ago, expecting, like the rest of those eager to get the latest in body modding nanotechnology, to hear nothing.

But today, in the middle of another dull lecture from one of his professors, he received that fateful text. Simply seeing that it was from the developers of S+ made him bolt from the lecture hall. He was too excited to wait until he got back to his dorm across campus. Even flying down flights of stairs, his eyes never left the screen, watching the download bar progress. When he reached the basement floor, he shouldered his way into the underutilized restroom—empty, as always.

He took to a stall, sealed it up, then grinned down.

Slider Plus. The plus-sign logo with an arrow pointing right made his heart do the palpating equivalent of somersaults.

Looking at a guy like Jess, someone might have expected him to go straight to muscle. Tigers tended to be two things: tall and beefy. Five-foot-six and capable of being bench-pressed by his buddy Gareth, he was neither.

But he liked it that way. Owned it. That much should have been obvious from the fishnet crop top exposing the tiger-striped arms of a twink, toned, white-furred midriff. From the snug black yoga pants banded to a perky butt that, combined with the flaxen waterfall of hair cascading down his back, led to many mistaken, oh-shit-I-thought-you-were-a-girl gropes at parties.

Truth be told, he liked that, too.

He was a showoff, plain and simple. A proud one. But no matter how much pride he had in his body, no matter how good he thought he looked… he was competitive. And sometimes, his physique got in the way.

So that was his first order of business. Clicking into the Modify Select option caused a generic 3D model to appear. He flipped it over, tapped a thumb to the generic model's backside, which highlighted it in red. A double tap did the same for both thighs.

After a confirming click, a slider bar manifested at the bottom of the screen. He placed his thumb to its center indicator, hesitating. An electric tingle prickled his short furs… nanotech currents running through his body. Prepared to warp him in any way he liked.

He slowly opened the stall door, peeked out to be sure he was alone. After confirming it, he stared across the stall at his reflection. Phone in hand, thumb still pressed to the slider with all the trepidation of pulling a gun trigger, he slowly began dragging his digit to the right.

Fabric whispered as it tightened. His yoga pants pinched the further he dragged his thumb along. Jess didn’t dare breathe. He didn’t even blink. In the mirror, he watched his reflection’s hips and thighs swell outwards. Felt his backside plump up. From a slender physique to outranking the most voluptuous women. He was usually a nimble feline, now he felt downright heavy in the most sensual way possible.

In a lip-biting, hip-wagging moment of greed, he jerked his thumb all the way to the right. A spasm of sensation forced him to yelp. He seized up, phone flying from his grasp and sliding across the floor. Fabric loudly tore, piecemeal patches of elastic pant giving up and turning to threadbare gashes. Striped ass cheeks and thigh fat bubbled out, greedy for more room. His pants ran so tight they felt like a second skin, hems reeling up from ankle-chafing to knee-biting.

"No fucking way," he breathed, gawking at his reflection—then looking down at his maxxed-out pair of thunder thighs. His hips had bypassed voluptuous and entered the impossible territory, so wide they almost touched the walls of the bathroom stall.

His surroundings were suddenly too narrow for him to maneuver in. He swiveled his back and stared down at his jutting hills of ass, puffed up and outlined to obscene perfection. They made his tail look small, had more heft to them than his own head.

He couldn’t resist touching. Digging claws into that plush layer of outermost fat, so thick he couldn’t even find his glutes.

And this was just the beginning.

Jess had to have his phone. He wanted—needed—to change more. One taste had left him an addict. The moment he tore his vain gaze from his ass, he spotted the phone underneath the sink and automatically walked forward.

The stall banged and rattled, refusing to let him carry any further than the doorframe. Plush tiger hips plugged them in an instant. Forced him to grip the frame’s sides and force himself forward. With considerable effort, he popped out and started stumbling. His feet thudded to the floor, backed by considerable weight. Jiggling and swaying, he couldn't stop his unwieldy momentum, thighs bumping up against the sink—cushioning the impact. He bowed forward, bracing the sinks sides, panting from the exertion. Even breathing sent his hips aquiver, widened holes in his pants.

He took a few uncertain steps backwards and looked down at the floor. Squatting was no longer an option with a body like this—he probably wouldn’t be able to stand up again. Still, his upper torso remained limber as ever. With a gymnast’s flexibility, he had an easy time dipping his back forward—spreading his meaty thighs outwards, inching his fingers closer to the ground until he pulled his phone up.

“Shit.” The screen had cracked. Luckily, it still worked. The Slider+ app awaited his orders. He glanced down at himself. His new self. The head-turning tank of a lower torso that would let him bury anyone’s face until they stopped breathing.

But the changes had an unintended side effect.

Though Jess took special care to maintain his effeminate look, that didn’t stop him from thinking of himself as masculine. Hard to feel that way when his overgrown hips had eclipsed his package. Uncomfortably struggling against the tightness of his pants, those endowments didn’t look particularly endowed any longer.

A little boost wouldn’t hurt. He had to make himself proportional, right? Hips wider than his shoulders wouldn’t do if they gave the illusion that the rest of his equipment wasn’t up to the same standard.

The option was there, alright. Clicking into it caused a popup to appear. Warning, it urged in bold red. Upscaling reproductive organs can affect hormone production. Side-effects may include diminished judgment, increased libido, and—

“Yeah, yeah,” he murmured, barely even registering the words. He scrolled down and accepted the legal liabilities. “Let’s get to the part where I’ve got a foot-long dick.

The app acquiesced. Offered him the slider, which he pressed his thumb to. The slow start alone was enough to make him gasp. He had to throw his hand out, brace himself to the sink.

“That feels good,” he groaned, tongue lolling as his junk slithered to new lengths.

His pants, already reeled tight at the front, provided the perfect frame for getting a perspective of how his junk swelled. Sensitive nerves prickled with a pleasant feeling. His nuts bulged out from grapes to grapefruits. He had elected for a meatier shaft as well; it was flaccid, half-folded in on itself at around the size of a soda can. Snaking upwards in length, putting those one-size-fits-all fibers to the test.

And the bar still had a full quarter to go. He nibbled his tongue, threw his hips left and right. Watched the entire ensnared monster throb against its confines… nuts lurching, shaft hardening.

That’s enough, Jess urged himself, stopping his gradual ascent.

It took all his willpower to stop the growth spurt there. He hadn’t expected it to feel so good. His heavy thighs trembled. A fat pre stain began to spread along the crotch of his yoga pants. Any more and the sheer obscenity of his new body might push him over the edge.

His thumb lingered on the bar.

He looked down at his twitching cock, begging to be let out. Struggling against its confinement—so tight that shredding fabric stung. Trying to unravel itself to full mast. His nuts felt heavy, downright bloated. Those warnings had been right, though they didn’t seem like warnings from his perspective…

More like promises.

“Fuck it,” was his response to pretenses of modesty. He flicked his finger, and there went his pants. Elastic flew in patchwork, taking to every direction like a legion of rubber bands.

Out wobbled, slapped, and bulged Jess's new self.

His forearm-length shaft timbered forward. Without the support of thighs thicker than his upper torso, his junk would have toppled him. The shaft was so exaggerated, so thick he couldn’t fit his hands around it. It ran so hot. Already precum trickled, a steady stream running down to the floor. Nuts the size of bowling balls tensed with seed. Each clench visible against the still-tight confines of their sac.

This was him, now. Sure, he could go back with the flip of a switch, but why the fuck would he want to? It was getting hard to stand. He waddled backwards, slapped his bare ass against the bathroom’s tiled wall. His ego reeled. No one would be able to ignore a body like this. Whether he was sitting on the couch and filling up its cushions, taking up space on the subway—just walking down the street…

There would be no way for anyone to ignore his sex-charged lower half, his absurdly engorged shaft. He was panting, gasping, hugging his chest and clenching his fangs, so overwhelmed by this assault to his senses.

“Guh,” he grunted—and then it all blew over. Extra-sensitive, extra-potent, his cock throbbed once and unleashed a spurt of seed so heavy it produced an audible thud as it struck the floor. It was enough to make him gasp, almost drop his phone if he wasn’t holding on tight.

After leaving a mess worthy of a letter of apology to the janitor, Jess slid down on his back. Landed to the floor faster than he expected, elevated by the height of his ass.

“Fucking. Awesome,” he whispered, his softening length draped overtop the padding of his thighs. Still drooling out extra droplets in the space between his lower legs.

Minutes passed before Jess had the stamina to stand again. He had been worried he might need to slim his legs down to pry himself up, but his spryness surprised him. His thighs were plush but powerful, capable of sustaining all of his weight.

He had been a little over 100 pounds prior to this. Now, consulting the app, it informed him he was... no way. 225—twice his body weight in thigh and hip and ass and junk. The thought was almost enough to get his 20 flopping pounds of penis up again.

Instead, he exited the app.

His first thought had been to tone his figure down, find some coverage and slip out. But why do that? This was what he had wanted, right? The thing he had dreamed about! To not just outmatch the competition, but to leave them in the dust. To be thicker, more endowed—an attention-dominating crowd-pleaser.

Hell no, he wouldn't slim down, even if he had to force his way out the narrow door. Even if his cock flopped with every single step.

On second thought, he could call for backup.

*

"Jess?" the jock jackrabbit called as he slammed the bathroom door open and rushed inside. "Got your text. What's the emer...gen...cy." The last word trailed out like he was a dying machine.

Gareth Jones, one of Jess's college friends. Where the tiger was the effeminate black sheep of his species, Gareth was the overly built member of his own. A tall, grey-furred stud, lapine ears towering so high they folded back against the doorframe as he entered.

"Gareth, slow down. Geeze," the third of their trio called after. Narrow-shouldered, big-hipped Hart, more doe than stag with pitiful nubs for horns. He doubled over, panting. "Gareth?" He finally straightened, giving the rabbit a confused frown. "Gar?" He waved his hand in front of Gareth's face, but the rabbit remained statue-still.

"Hey guys," Jess finally spoke, all his fangs visible in a grin he couldn't and didn't want to keep down. This whole time, he had been leaning against the side of a bathroom stall, showing his new body off to a gawking Gareth.

"Jess?" The question came doubled out his friends’ mouths, equally dumbstruck.

"In the flesh. And a whole lot more of it."

"Dude." Gareth finally worked up the courage to speak up.

Avoiding the jizz he had left on the floor, Jess sauntered towards his friends. Despite them both being taller than him—in Gareth's case, by a full foot—they took several steps back. He moved with such confidence, each motion an exaggerated swivel of hip, a clap of cheek, a fleshy slap of cock. Was he weird for feeling powerful like this? He didn't care.

"You better have brought those pants like I asked."

"You lucky son of a bitch," Hart finally said, throwing his own pair of yoga pants at Jess; their taste in flamboyant clothing often matched.

"Yeah," Gareth said, failing to mask a jealous sulk. "Guess you're pretty cowardly with that thing—if I'd gotten the alpha invite, you'd be looking at one jacked jackrabbit."

"Aw, what's the matter?" Jess said, pushing his lower lip out in a pout. "Jealous that there's finally a guy out there you can't measure up to?" A pelvic thrust sent his dick flapping forward, almost slapping Gareth, who let out a grunt of displeasure as he stepped back.

"Watch where you swing that thing!"

"Oh, sorry." Jess hefted his penis with both hands; even holding it at the midsection, the front half drooped drastically, like handling an immense hose. "Guess I need to remember it's a lethal weapon now."

"It's not that big," Gareth scoffed.

"Not that big?" Hart intervened, staring down with the thirsty eyes of a bottom. "It's the biggest cock I've ever seen!"

"Maybe we should cool this talk down?" Gareth whispered. "We are in a public restroom."

Jess rolled his eyes. "Like that's ever stopped you before, Mr. Threesome-in-the-Dean's-office."

"Th-that was after hours!"

"I think you're just afraid to drop your pants in front of a guy with a bigger dick."

That did it. Between gym buddy Jess and naturally svelte, low-testosterone Hart, Gareth was the man of their unusual trio. He had the stereotypical shortcomings—among them, pride.

His belt was off. Jeans dropped. Boxers pooled at his ankles. The sight of his meat used to make Jeff feel faint. Now, its anticlimactic reveal made him snort.

"Don't laugh!" Gareth balled his fists. "It's big as ever."

"Sure is," Jess agreed. “But mine’s bigger.” He advanced on Gareth. Pressed his exaggerated length to his friend’s. Fists to his hips, chest puffed out, the rabbit refused yield. Something in him deflated as he looked down and saw his manhood had been eclipsed—squashed up against superior size until it couldn’t be seen.

"Woah, dude," Hart whispered. "Yours is, like, puny by comparison."

"I'm fuckin’ nine inches when I’m hard." Gareth said through gritted teeth.

Jess felt a begrudging throb of arousal from the much smaller shaft pressed to his own. "Well,” he said, grinding up against Gareth, “guess we can measure that up soon, too."

Gareth whined, reflexively reaching towards his dick. But when his eyes met Jess’s, the tiger’s smug expression made him hold his hands from his crotch like he was magnetically repelled. He crossed his arms and looked away, though his stern expression wavered as the constant grinding worked his boner.

“Hard already?” Jess stepped back, letting Gareth’s impressive length hang ahead of him.

“It’s been a while since we’ve done anything.”

Hart cackled. “Even when you’re hard he’s got like twice the meat you do, man!”

“Fuck off!” Gareth elbowed him. “Mine’s all natural.”

“You sure you should be laughing, Hart?” Jess brandished his friend’s yoga pants. There never would have been a hope of filling them in the past. Where Gareth prided himself in having one of the biggest rods on campus, Hart never hesitated to flaunt the width of his hips.

Hips now only wide as one of Jess’s thighs.

Paw by paw, he stepped into the pants and started pulling them up. They reached his knees then the trouble began. His gaze remained locked on Hart. He wanted to see his friend’s shock, his envy—that unsubtle lip bite as all of Jess’s junk swayed with his efforts.

“Why don’t you two help your pal get these on?”

His friends exchanged looks before approaching his sides. They reached down and began to pull. Jess stood there, making a point of looking disinterested. Flipping through his phone, ignoring their grunts and trembling arms until—

“Shit!” Gareth grunted. His handful of pant waist had torn, it now came with him as he staggered back.

Jess laughed. “Guess you should’ve brought something a few sizes bigger.” He swung his hip to the side, bumping Hart hard enough to make him stumble.

“Well, since you’re so confident…” Gareth’s strong grip tightened on Jess’s shoulder. “How ‘bout we take the new you for a spin?”

“Or, how about I give myself a few more upgrades and take you for a spin, ‘big guy?’” Jess unlocked his phone. “Won’t feel so tough when I’m twice your—hey!”

Gareth snatched the phone away, holding it overhead. Jess hopped for it, but he couldn’t get very high off the ground with all that jiggling heft.

“Can’t change shit if you don’t have this!”

“Fine.” Jess jammed his fists to his hips and stuck his chin out. “Not like that little thing can dig to the bottom of this ass anyway.”

“You wish, small fry.”

“Alright.” Jess smirked, turning around. He insistently threw his ass back. The strength in his thighs made him surprisingly difficult to fend off. Each thrust bullied Gareth backwards until his back was to the wall. “Go ahead, stud. Fuck. Me.”

“A-alright. Alright, I fuckin’ will!”

Jess’s ass rippled against his friend’s violent, hip-spanking grasp. Gareth pressed his shaft up against the tiger’s cheeks, eventually forcing him onto all fours.

“I dunno about this, guys…” Hart murmured.

“Please,” Jess scoffed up at the skittish deer. I can see your dick from down here, dude—you’re hard as Gareth!”

Gareth let out an annoyed grunt. Slap-slap-slap, was the swift rhythm of rabbit hip to titanic tiger ass. With each thrust, he tried to force his dick deeper. There were constant claps and ripples, but even down to the hilt, he never so much as grazed his target.

Jess yawned, egging Gareth on and making him thrust harder.

“Nnnnhh,” the rabbit whimpered. “Come on, man—why’d you make your ass so fuckin’ fat?”

“Don’t worry about it,” Jess cooed. “Just gimme the phone. It’s got an onboarding feature. I’ll give you the size to deal with a guy like me. Promise.” He held his right hand over his shoulder.

“Fine.” Gareth placed the phone in Jess’s hand. “B-but make it quick… getting me worked up here of all places, geeze.”

Jess unlocked his phone. “Sucker.”

“Wait, what?”

Jess had acted fast. Jamming his thumb across the one slider that he knew would give him the edge.

Height.

It happened in an instant. Gareth yelped, as Jess erupted underneath him, burgeoning hips forcing his knees off the ground. Twice the tiger now knelt on the floor. Three times, to the point that he was taller in that pose than he normally was standing.

Those exaggerated proportions went from head-turning to safety hazards. Couch-crushing hips. Trash compactor thighs. A man-sized manhood slapping against the floor, accompanied by a heavyweight set of nuts sagging underneath them.

"That’s better," Jess boomed. Looking over the rising hill of his ass, he smirked at the rabbit clinging to his excess of hip.

"Jess, what the fuck!" Gareth called; he was digging his feet in, holding on tight as if afraid of falling. "I thought you were going to change me."

"I am." Jess slammed his ass against the wall. Gareth grunted, violently pinned—hands scrabbling as he appeared to be sinking into the titanic tiger rear now dominating him. "Here." It was getting difficult to handle the app, but he managed with a few careful claw taps. He then gingerly pinched it between his fingers, swiveling his back and offering it to Gareth. "Give me your fingerprint."

“Aren’t there more pressing concerns?”

“I can give you one, if you’d like.” Jess exerted more strength, forcing his soft mounds to the wall.

“Okay, okay!” Gareth grunted, near-drowning in the 18-foot feline’s over-exaggerated ampleness. He tapped his finger to the touch screen until it chimed. "There. Now what?"

"Now," Jess said, room-filling voice dripping with amusement, "we flip this switch and—"

"Hhhhooooly fuck!" Gareth wasn't eased into his new endowment. Jess had indelicately jammed his finger across the screen with enough force to produce another crack. Within the span of a second, he felt the rabbit behind him become more cock than man. Its absurd scale crammed the space between the giant tiger's cheeks. "J-Jess, that feels so... so..."

"Good?" Jess breathed. His own cock, thick as a mattress, had primed up at the same time, lazily bobbing just above the floor. "Well it’s about to get better.”

Gareth groaned. If Jess's junk had left him that feverish, he couldn't imagine the impact of having a dick with more nerve endings than the rest of his body combined. In all likelihood, the poor rabbit couldn’t even think. A cock so massive must have reduced him to pure, horny instinct.

Jess licked his lips in anticipation, waggling his rear to torment the pent up rabbit. Flexing his cheeks and sensing the endowment’s outline. He pulled his hips forward; Gareth remained suspended above the ground, hanging from his lodged erection. Then, with all the force he could muster, Jess slammed his ass back. Cracks fanned out along the wall. A thunderclap of cat cheek joined its sensuous wobble.

Those sounds, along with Gareth’s own howl of arousal, were all drowned out by the low groan Jess produced. Gareth was inside him. Less big manly top and more helpless sex toy.

Back and forth he went, forcing Gareth deeper inside himself. Causing the entire room to tremble. Eyes rolling in his head as he indulged in his needs.

Hart, wide-eyed, shrinking back towards the narrow space between sinks and stalls, stood witness to all this.

"Hart," Jess sighed, looming over the deer even while on his knees. "I've got just the place for you."

"Ya-uh... you do?" Hart stared down at his wringing hands, distracting himself from the curvaceous sex god his friend had bloomed into.

"Oh, yeah." Jess kept on pumping his hips, fucking Gareth to the wall at a quick, jerking pace. "Just crawl on under, dude... you can hardly keep your eyes off it." With great effort, he hefted his twitching shaft.

"I can't just—"

"But you can." Jess pushed his hips back harder and held them there. Felt Gareth pulsate and quiver deep inside him. The wall behind them had almost broken down, but he didn't care. He wanted more—and Hart would give it. He reached forward, wrapped a hand around the deer’s slender arm, and pulled.

Hart squeaked, staggered forward. There was some struggling, but Jess was much too big to resist. Soon he couldn’t see him. Laid out on his back, blanketed in so much dick he couldn’t squirm free.

"Jess," Gareth pleaded. "I... I can barely fucking—ohhh. It's too big. So sensitive."

"Don't worry, guys." Jess just loved the rumbling bass behind his chuckle. He got back to work demolishing the room. This time, he worked at a steadier pace to ease Hart into it.

He held on for dear life, clutching tightly as all of that tiger meat dragged over him. Grinded him into the floor. Pre drooled, spilled without a care for Hart's sputtering protests. Slicked his smooth brown coat dark with damp.

Meanwhile Gareth's athletic body endured the body-racking jolt of each repeated assault from Jess's hips. The inevitable wham initiating a ripple effect that radiated across the tide of striped and smothering cheeks until they were like a stormy sea. Tormented the hypersensitivity of his hyper-sized manhood.

And Jess, the center of their mismatched orgy, reveled in it. His passions shook the room. Regard for his friends’ safety was lost in the overeager need emanating from his sensitive cock flesh.

His rhythm grew erratic. Attempts at keeping his resonant voice in check for the sake of the students in lecture halls above were forgotten. There was only room for pleasure. For suffocating Gareth in his rotund ass. Leaving Hart to struggle and writhe beneath every foot of his 300-pound refrigerator-dwarfing dick.

Gareth’s cock warmed, twitched with a warning of volcanic activity ready to burst. Jess shuddered, brought his hips forward one last time—then ass-aulted the wall with enough force to send it tumbling down. His immense striped hindquarters smashed out into the basement hallway, transitioned from all fours to sitting upright. Gareth vanished underneath his ass, buried underneath softness and slammed into a fresh indent upon the tiled floor.

That devastating piledriver of pillowy pressure crammed eight feet of rabbit cock deep inside Jess. Stabbed at the tiger’s pleasure center.

Hart remained sprawled between Jess’s spread legs, only just managing to get up to his knees in time to be painted white. Jess arched his back. Cried up to the ceiling as his cock erupted. Gareth spasmed beneath his cheeks, overwhelmed in all ways as he came inside Jess.

His first orgasm had been ridiculous. Now, the entire space between his legs, the stall wall, the ceiling, Hart—it all turned white.

“That was fucking awesome,” Jess gasped. Hart rose, a sticky, panting ghost. Gareth groaned, the sound detected only as a faint vibration underneath.

Sitting up in the hall, his head scraping the ceiling, he became more aware of his surroundings. He had been so thoroughly drowned by sensation that he hadn’t noticed the students and professors to his left and right. All staring up at him, or at different parts of him, jaws unhinged—no one said a word.

They must have heard the commotion and come to investigate. Angry professors, ready to reprimand some students for getting frisky in the basement, had instead arrived and discovered… this.

“Uh… hey, everyone.” Jess rolled to his side, causing the crowd to fan back. Gareth laid in the dented crater, unharmed, but disheveled. Even flaccid, there was no way he could carry that much rabbit cock. His own spunk pooled around him, a white puddle that filled the butt print on the floor.

“Jess,” Gareth groaned, more out of exasperation than embarrassment. “Fucking change me back.”

“I t-told you this was a bad idea,” Hart said, at last wiping some of the seed from his face.

Jess gave everyone an awkward grin. “Sorry if we were a little loud.”

“I found your phone,” announced Hart, wiping the cum off it. “But I don’t think this is gonna work.” He offered up a thoroughly cracked phone.

“Nonsense,” Jess said, flipping the app on with a bit of effort. “See?” He showed it to Hart. “Don’t worry, everybody. I’ll just change the settings and be out of your—ow!” The second he touched the app, a spark of electricity danced out from the phone and zapped him. He dropped it, and this time the landing proved to be too much, breaking the phone to pieces.

An ominous tingling sensation spread across Jess’s body.

“Well, that’s not good,” he said, bowing his expanding head, swelling back pressing against the ceiling. “I’d, uh… get out of here if I were you, guys.”

The crowd went from confusion and wariness to absolute panic in a matter of seconds.

“Sorry in advance for the building!” he boomed after, though the grin he wore showed he didn’t care in the slightest. “C’mere, you.” Gathering up his friends, one to each hand, Jess braced himself. Feeling the ceiling shudder. The walls break. Reveling in the sudden surge of him flooding the world.

The basement wouldn’t last long. The first floor would begin the building’s collapse. One after the other. Jess should have been worried, but he only bristled with excitement. Listening to his protesting friends’ voices until they were lost in the collapsing building. Wondering what campus would think when he emerged from the collapsing building.

More importantly—when he would stop.

*

The answer had been: never.

Theoretically, he could have outgrown the planet. The solar system. Hell, the universe. But Slider+ had been monitoring the situation. Watching the height readings on one of their alpha testers swell uncontrollably. More than a foot heaped on per second.

They’d waited until the giant showoff was visible by satellite before doing something, of course.

“Can’t believe they let you keep that much height,” Gareth grumbled from below. He had to hurry his long legs to keep up with the strides of the towering tiger three times his height. All eyes on campus gravitated towards him. His hefty hips swung with a momentum all their own. Custom-made yoga pants left absolutely nothing to the imagination; his curves were all there—perfect, unmatched.

20 feet might not have been miles tall, but Jess was happy with the outcome. Sure, the slider app had to be rolled back to iron out the bugs, but that meant Jess, and only Jess, would be this big for a long while.

“They can’t fix me,” he said with a what-can-you-do shrug—causing Hart to cry out, falling from his perch and collapsing into Jess’s arms.

“You mean you asked them to keep you that big,” Hart huffed.

“Same difference.” Jess grinned, lowering the deer to the ground. “Besides, I haven’t seen you complaining.”

“N-not like I have a say in it!” Hart fretted, looking to Gareth for protection. But their relationship had changed drastically with Jess’s drastic changes, and now that he was stuck at this size—huge and endowed with hormones that could bubble up at a hair trigger, there was little they could do when Jess got in a mood.
“Hey, you guys think I can clog the college fountain with my cum?” He nodded over to it.
“I think we’re about to find out,” Gareth groaned.
“You love it, little guy.” Jess bumped him along with his bare paw. “C’mon, let’s go see if those frat guys wanna join in.”

Agent Clarissa Clarion stared down through her high-tech binoculars at the compound below. Ostensibly it resembled a rather large junkyard, with several large warehouse buildings, a rather decrepit crane, and hundreds of stacked up, broken down cars filling the rest of the space, but with one main difference. Most junkyards didn’t need that many armed employees, and certainly not ones all wearing leather jackets, all emblazoned with a screaming, metal, lynx’s skull.

This was definitely the place.

Ask anyone in Furtropolis about that skull, and they’d be able to tell you straight away that that was the insignia of The Steel Lynxes… Well, perhaps more likely if you asked anyone in Furtropolis about it, they would go pale, tremble, and tell you that they didn’t want any trouble. That was because The Steel Lynxes were the most feared biker gang in the city. Robbery, arson, kidnapping, destruction of property, public urination, they’d done it all, but in the last few months they’d really stepped up their game. Rumour had it that they were running guns, drugs, and trafficked furs these days, becoming a big enough threat to even get the attention of some of the larger intelligence agencies.

And that was why Clarissa was here. It didn’t take a superspy to realise there was something fishy going on, but luckily, she was one. Clarissa Clarion, agent of T.I.M.B.E.R. Superspy extraordinaire. The unstoppable fox who had sunk the Veris sisters’ nuclear submarine. The voluptuous vixen who had seduced Count Schurke von Generisch into giving up the location of his death ray. The stunning star who was on her way to becoming the agency’s most legendary spy. Frankly, a mission like this would usually have been beneath her, but Clarissa had some theories about The Steel Lynxes sudden rise to power, and this was the perfect opportunity to get some answers...

“Jade? Comms check. I’m in position and have eyes on the compound.” The voluptuous vixen said, one finger pressed to her ear communicator. The line crackled for a moment, before the voice of her handler came through crystal clear.

“Reading you loud and clear, Miss Clarion!” The bunny replied eagerly, a smile in her voice. “Any activity?”

There certainly was. Tonight, the compound was buzzing with lynxes. Bonfires flickered amongst the mounds of decaying cars, cheers and heavy metal music floated up from the partying bikers, and the main warehouse was lit up like a burning Christmas tree. At the gates dozens of bikes were parked haphazardly, with more and more jacketed riders pulling up, but what caught Clarissa’s eye was the occasional unjacketed lynx that appeared. Scrawny, with body language that reeked of nervousness and false bravado, these lynxes quickly made their way over to the main warehouse, usually accompanied by jeers, lewd comments and thrown beer cans from the actual gang members, where they spoke to the large guard stationed there. After a long moment of sizing them up, the guard let them inside… mostly. The particularly weak or disrespectful quickly ended up thrown into a trash can by the door and stomped down with the rest of the garbage.

“Plenty,” Clarissa replied, “It looks like Sasha’s intel was right. Tonight’s an initiation, and Vikki always checks out the new pledges herself.” The fox smirked, lowering her binoculars, and staring at the main warehouse, as if she could see The Steel Lynxes’ leader through the sheet metal. “Good. We’re overdue for a chat. By the end of tonight, that lynx is going to tell me everything she knows about Stripe Industries.”

“R-right behind you, Miss Clarissa!” Jade responded, and the fox couldn’t help but smile. Jade was fresh out of the training program, young, and inexperienced, but she was also the only person in the agency who believed Clarissa’s theories about Stripe Industries, and its ambitious CEO, Melonie Stripe. There had just been too many coincidences. Business rivals disappearing, villains with ‘stolen’ Stripe Industries tech, and just as Melonie had thrown her hat into the mayoral election ring, the Steel Lynxes had gone from local nuisance to criminal empire, tanking the incumbent mayor’s re-election chances. Clarissa knew that the skunk was funding and coordinating the lynxes! She just couldn’t… prove it, and T.I.M.B.E.R. was growing a little tired of her dogged and, in their eyes, baseless pursuit of the powerful industrialist. Even her own mentor, the legendary superspy Sasha Snow, had repeatedly dismissed her theories, but after enough nagging Clarissa had apparently managed to crack the husky’s shell. After all, Sasha had really stuck her neck out to get Clarissa this assignment, and the fox was not going to let her down!

Standing up, the spy tucked her binoculars away on her belt and adjusted her colossal chest. Trapped in the skintight spy suit of a T.I.M.B.E.R. field agent her utterly ridiculous breasts, easily her most recognisable (and proudest) feature, were sweating up a storm, but Clarissa had to admit that it made her look sexy as anything, clinging to her body, accentuating her curves, the black even matching her hair and contrasting nicely with her orange fur. Oh, and it was bulletproof. That was nice too.

“Ugh. This thing sticks to my tits like superglue.” The fox said absentmindedly, as she continued adjusting her chest to a more comfortable position. “Does the suit really need to be this tight? My breasts are so sweaty. I’m going to need a long, hot shower after-”

“S-so how are you going to get in, Miss Clarissa!?” Jade squeaked, suddenly feeling very flustered as she fought to get images of Agent Clarion in her skintight suit out of her head. Images of her peeling it off her sweaty body, her huge breasts jiggling as the naked fox stepped into the shower, starting to lather up her curvaceous-

“-should be my best point of entry.” Clarissa finished, and Jade gulped, snapping back to reality.

“Uhh, say again, Miss Clarissa? T-technical difficulties.” She lied. On the other end of the communicator, Clarissa sighed.

“I said…”

> “I’ll grapple over and dive in through one of the warehouse windows.”

> “I’ll disguise myself as one of the new recruits.”

~~~~~~~

“I’ll grapple over and dive in through one of the warehouse windows.” The fox said with a smirk, already imagining it in her head as she sized up the small window frames across the street from her. “It’s unlikely I can pass as a lynx anyway.” The fox stated.

“O-oh, umm, ok, let me bring up the warehouse schematics and check the width of the-” The bunny started, tapping away at her keyboard, but Clarissa cut her off.

“Jade, I’ve done this a million times. I’ll fit.” She said with a slight grumble at the implication that she may be too fat to pull this off, then snatched the grappling hook off her belt. With a single, perfectly aimed shot, the hook bit into the metal above an open window and Clarissa wasted no time in ziplining across. With flawless form, she disconnected herself just before the window and straightened her body into a horizontal dive, allowing momentum to carry her through the air like a torpedo, perfectly on target!

THUNK!

Clarissa squeaked in surprised as she came to a dead stop, halfway through the window, stuck fast. “WHAT!?” She shrieked, looking back to see that her hips had jammed against the frame, leaving her foxy ass, her swishing tail and her now desperately kicking legs sticking out above the mass of lynxes below.

“NonoNO!” The superspy yelped, putting her hands against the window frame on the inside and trying to push herself through, but try as she might she was well and truly stuck! “Come on! Get through!” She yelled at herself, straining and struggling against the slightly-too-small window, wriggling her full hips back and forth.

Outside, a few of the Steel Lynxes began to notice the fat ass sticking out of the window, at first blinking in confusion, a few pointing and muttering, but as more and more took notice those mutterings quickly turned to jeers and laughter!

“You lost, fat ass!?”

“Better fetch the engine grease for this one!”

“You’re fucking dead, spy bitch!”

Clarissa’s ears flattened against her head as she heard the mocking and jeering, knowing that her cover had well and truly been blown. A half-empty beer can bounced off her ass, thrown by a particularly accurate lynx, and a few more followed, making the fox yelp and squeak with every impact.

“J-jade, we may have a problem!” Clarissa whimpered into her commlink, but it was too late. The door to the room she had half found herself in burst open, and a group of large lynxes stormed in, cracking their knuckles as they approached.

Something told Clarissa that they weren’t there to help…

~~~

With a loud CLANG, Clarissa and Jade were unceremoniously dumped into the metal pit. After Clarissa had been captured it hadn’t taken them long to track down her handler, and to add insult to injury, the lynxes had stripped them down and bound them together tightly. Jade’s face was buried in Clarissa’s ass, getting an intimate look at her famous ‘Foxy Bitch’ panties, while Clarissa’s muzzle was slotted between Jade’s butt cheeks like a hotdog in some very juicy buns.

Luckily for Clarissa, she had at least managed to end up on top when the fox-and-bunny tangle came to a rolling stop, leaving poor Jade smothered under a pair of fat fox buns. Though it was hard to call either of them lucky in this situation really… especially as Vikki stepped up to the edge of the pit.

“So, a coupla spy bitches tryin’ ta get to me, huh?” The glowering lynx said, flicking some of her spiky hair away with a toss of her head. “Well, wish fuckin’ granted. Cause you’re gonna be stayin’ REAL close to me from now on… Once you’ve been properly processed.” The lynx’s muzzle split into a grin as she reached to her side, then yanked the large, metal lever next to her.

Immediately, the walls of the ‘pit’ groaned and hissed as hidden hydraulic mechanisms pushed them inwards, revealing its true nature. Not a pit, but a car crusher! Clarissa screamed muffledly and began to thrash and struggle against the ropes, as did Jade, though as she was blinded and deafened by Clarissa’s ass she was more just following suit, and soon the agent-bundle was rocking back and forth, squealing in terror. Clarissa’s eyes stared up pleadingly at the assembled lynxes, but they just howled with laughter as the cold metal walls began to press into the sides of the secret agent saps, whose screams redoubled, enough that they were just barely audible over the loud SSSSSQQQQQUUUUUEEELLLLLCCHH!

The walls met with a dull thud, the whirring mechanism coming to a stop, and Vikki snorted with amusement as she saw the few tufts of fur and twitching fox ear sticking out from between the two heavy metal slabs.

“Run ‘em through the full routine and bring ‘em to me when you’re done.” The lynx said with a smirk, one ear flicking lazily as she turned and walked off.

An hour later, the two secret agents were dropped before Vikki’s scrap throne with a solid thud, shaking the metal floor as the perfectly cubed pair of furs slammed down. The lynx leaned forwards with interest, a smirk on her face as she saw Clarissa’s face plastered clearly on top of the cube, the top of her muzzle being an orange line between a grey canyon, ending with the black dot of her nose. Further back, two horrified eyes stared up at Vikki, the superspy utterly unable to believe this was happening.

“Yeah. Now THAT’S a better look. You should be able to fit through the window now, flatface.” The lynx grinned, slowly reaching down and starting to remove her boots as she talked. “Not that you’re gonna get another chance at that, bitch! You wanted to get in here? Well now you’re here forever.” She growled, tugging her second boot off, and lifting her greasy, grimy, filth-stained paws up. “As my new footbitches!”

The lynx wriggled her digits, and a rain of horrific sweat-slurry splattered down onto Clarissa’s face, visible stink rising from those few droplets alone. The superspy’s eyes watered, and from somewhere in the cube came the sounds of muffled gagging as the smell of onions, sweat and axle grease filled her nose. Vikki cackled with brutish glee as her two filthy feet slowly descended, then settled onto Clarissa’s face with a sickening squish! Instantly the sound of muffled screaming and sobbing came from inside the cube, and it gently wriggled from side to side as Vikki rubbed her filthy toes over the furry surface. Every wipe left long muddy streaks of putrid toe scum across the fox’s features, the stink multiplying a hundredfold, the feet entombing her in the stench, and all the while Vikki just laughed at the superspy’s torment.

“Drink it in, footbitch! Maybe if I get bored, I’ll flip you over and use the other bitch. But that’s gonna be a long while yet…” She shouted, her cackles, mixed with the horrific squelching noises, echoing out over the junkyard all night long.

Maybe style over substance wasn’t the best way to approach a spy mission, Clarissa! Because now the only substances you’ll be experiencing are the mysterious ones between Vikki’s toes...

~~~~~~~

“I’ll disguise myself as one of the new recruits.” The fox explained, scouting around for any late arrivals, and spotting a scrawny lynx girl making her way down a nearby alleyway. With ease and grace, the fox hopped over to the nearest building to her, all while Jade’s voice came through into her ear.

“Umm… M-Miss Clarissa? You’re, uh… not a lynx.” She said lamely, not really sure how to go about explaining that to her foxy boss. Clarissa rolled her eyes, then attached her rappel line and zipped down the side of the building into the alleyway. The lynx spun around, eyes going wide, but Clarissa knocked her out cold with a single chop to the neck. The wannabe biker dropped like a sack of potatoes, and the fox knelt down, starting to pull her clothing off and examine the hue of her fur.

“Trust me. With how ugly these girls are, they barely look like lynxes either.

~~~

Five minutes later, and Stephanie ‘Speedbumps’ Reynolds stepped out of the alleyway, dressed in a grey tank top that strained over her huge chest, and a pair of black, leather jeans. While at first glance, it may have been easy to mistake Stephanie for famed superspy Clarissa Clarion, but with the very real, definitely-not-clip-on ear tufts, the greyish-brown, certainly-not-just-recently-coloured fur, and the yellow, totally-not-contacts cats’ eyes, it was clear without a doubt that this was a lynx, not a fox, and therefore, as she crossed into the junkyard, ‘Stephanie’ received only catcalls and rude gestures, rather than the immediate attack that a vulpine would.

“Here to join up.” She snarled to the fat guard on duty as she reached the main warehouse entrance, folding her arms beneath her hefty chest and trying to keep her eyes from sliding to the moaning trashcan full of failed entrants. The massive lynx glared down at her for a long moment, sizing her up, then just turned and spat into the bin.

“You’re late. Get the fuck inside before I decide to turn you over to the guys. They’d love a fresh, hot piece of ass like you.” She growled but banged her first on the door. A second later, an unseen lynx inside opened it, and Steph disappeared into the darkness. The guard watched her go, then just snorted and shook her head.

“Stupid fucking rookie didn’t even bring a weapon…”

~~~

Inside, Clarissa squinted against the darkness as the door slammed shut behind her, but before she could get her bearings, rough hands were already shoving her forwards. The fox stumbled into another heavy body in the darkness and received a snarl in response. She quickly backed off, feeling hard-packed dirt underfoot, and the murmur of voices in the darkness. Wherever she was, it smelled of sweat, engine oil and stale farts, and just as she was considering radioing Jade, it began.

The lights in the warehouse suddenly blazed to life, blinding the half-dozen initiates standing in the middle of the packed-earth arena, and with the light also came the noise. A thunderous cheering, howling, hollering, and chanting booming out from above. As Clarissa’s eyesight returned to her, the still-definitely-not-a-fox blinked blearily up and around, seeing high, scrap iron walls encircling them on all sides, on top of which sat makeshift stands surrounded by industrial paraphernalia, and filled with Steel Lynxes. Empty beer cans, old socks, filthy underwear and even a few makeshift weapons were tossed down into the arena, most coming up short of the pledges in the centre, and as the crowd continued to scream, The Steel Lynx herself made her appearance.

Directly opposite the now gated-off entrance to the arena, a break in the stands was filled by a wide, flat platform, on top of which sat a jagged throne of crudely welded together scrap metal, with a cubed bike for a seat and wheel rubber for arms. It was empty at the moment, but as the cheering continued, a single figure slinked from the darkness behind it. She wasn’t tall, nor particularly short, certainly not fat, though perhaps a little chubby in her jean-clad rear end, but while this figure had no commanding physique to speak of, she walked like an alpha predator. Out into the light stepped a young lynx, clad in a simple grey shirt, thick riding pants and a motorcycle jacket. Her fur was a rusty grey, her hair was a greasy black, and she had a shining steel chain wrapped around her left forearm. The lynx reached her chair and flopped into it, smirking down at the pledges in the arena. Clearly the power from a few months of being top dog in the city’s underworld had gone a little to her head.

“Alright, new blood, listen up!” Vikki boomed, the noise of the lynxes dimming a little. “Here’s how we usually do things: You beat the crap outta each other, and the last bitch standing gets to join!” She declared, the crowd starting their hollering again, but were silenced when Vikki gave a loud snort. “I said that’s how we USUALLY do things!” She snarled, shutting her interrupting gang up. “But tonight’s gonna be different. Tonight, anyone who wants in’s gotta do just one thing: FUCK UP THAT SPY BITCH THAT’S PRETENDING TO BE A LYNX!” She shouted, and suddenly a loud whirring noise had Clarissa look up. Too late though! Water splashed down on top of her from the crane-mounted bucket above the arena, pulling off her clip-on ear tufts, washing away her fur dye and utterly soaking her to the bone… but also revealing her in all her foxy glory. The rest of the initiates gasped and backed off, while the crowd began to roar for blood, booing and howling at the soggy spy.

Clarissa growled, dripping wet and with her cover completely blown, she glared up at Vikki, opening her mouth to speak, but the lynx ran right over her.

“Ha! I knew one of you bitches would come for me eventually!” The lynx laughed. “And now you’ve walked right into MY trap! Get her, newbies! First one to splat the spy gets in the gang!”

As if all eyes weren’t already on Clarissa, the foxy superspy now found herself surrounded by five ferocious felines all vying for her head. They fanned out, circling around her, a few backing off to grab iron pipes or knuckle dusters that had been thrown into the arena, and as they did so, Clarissa sized them up. Luckily for her it had been a particularly pathetic showing tonight. Two of the lynxes were just scrawny runts, and while one of them was now holding a pipe, he was hefting it uncertainly and looking very nervous about this whole ordeal. Behind her were two more particularly skinny looking cats, but these two… had a certain edge to them. Twin sisters, by the look of things, identical in every way except that one had her spiky hair swept across her face to the left, and the other to the right. Unfortunately, it was quite hard to gauge how much of a threat they would actually be, given they were hanging back for now and watching. They could well be lightning-fast little lynx ninjas, or they might just fold in a single punch. It certainly didn’t help matters that they’d both brought knives with them though.

Finally, there was the lynx in front of her, who likely would have been the favourite to win for the less analytical Steel Lynxes. She was a mountain of a lynx, standing almost eight feet tall, and with a body well balanced between fat and muscle. Her arms were covered with tattoos, quite a few of them dreadfully misspelled, and perhaps most importantly, she was also the only one advancing on Clarissa at the moment, her huge butt cheeks swaying and jiggling through her denim short shorts as she did so.

But they would all be advancing on her if she delayed for much longer! First rule of crowd fighting T.I.M.B.E.R. taught was to pick the biggest threat and take them down hard and fast to scare the others. So, the question was, who was scarier? The twins or the mountain?

>Go for the knife sisters!
>Conquer the mountain!

~~~~~~~

Big and dumb didn’t worry Clarissa Clarion, especially for some raw recruit. If the big lynx was so scary, then why wasn’t she already part of the gang? No, the fox knew a pair of dark horses when she saw one. Those sisters were capable of anything, and she needed to take them down hard!

Spinning on her heels, the fox caught the two sisters just as they were whispering to each other and leapt! Launching herself forwards, she saw the fear growing in their eyes as she caught them by surprise. And they were right to fear her! She was Clarissa goddamn Clarion, hand-to-hand master! In less time than it took to blink, she had disarmed the leftmost sister and knocked her out with a single clear blow to the schnoz! The unconscious lynx slammed down on her back in the dirt, legs sticking into the air and twitching, and as Clarissa turned to counter-counter the inevitable counterattack from her counterpart, she… found her already on her butt in the dirt, quickly trying to back away from the fox.

“M-mercy! Mercy!!” The terrified lynx shrieked, curling into the fetal position, and trembling like a leaf. Clarissa blinked in surprise at the display, expecting it to be a charade that broke any moment, but the lynx just continued to sob and rock gently on the ground. It seemed that these girls hadn’t been the mysterious hidden threat that she’d assumed… but that meant-

A strong hand clamped down on Clarissa’s tail, and before she could even yelp, the fox was being hauled backwards through the air like a mace! The massive lynx swung the foxy spy over her head in a beautiful arc, then slammed her down into the ground, shaking the arena from the impact. Metal plating falling from the walls, the rest of the rookies were knocked from their feet, while the fox was left spread-eagled and twitching in the dirt, her body buried a good inch into a perfect, big-breasted imprint of her body.

“O-Ok… you may have gotten the first hit, b-but-” The moaning fox began, starting to lift her head out of the ditch, when suddenly the lynx hauled her back again, slamming her down into the ground on the other side!

WHAM! SPLAT! WHAM! SPLAT! WHAM! SPLAT! The fox went, as she was repeatedly lifted and slammed into the ground like a club. Her clothes were shredded to tatters, her body was battered beyond belief, and when finally the giant lynx was done swinging her improvised club, Clarissa didn’t have any smart remarks, instead preferring to just whimper and twitch, her crooked tail sticking up into the air.

All around the arena, the Steel Lynxes roared with laughter, Vikki looking like she was almost about to piss herself on her throne, but the giant lynx wasn’t finished yet! Leaping up, she slammed both her bare feet down on top of the fox’s body with a loud SQUELCH, then began to jump up and down again. With a thunderous series of room-shaking splats and crunches, the lynx’s large, filthy bare feet slammed down on the twitching fox again and again and again, utterly pulping the already beaten, screaming fox into a fine orange paste. Judging by the stink, barefoot was the lynx’s preference, but much more pressing than that was the sheer weight, which was only about to get worse as on the final jump, when Clarissa was nothing but a whimpering, twitching, mushy mess, the lynx tucked her legs under herself, and came down butt-first.

KEERRSQUIIIISH! Went Clarissa’s form, as a butt like two yoga balls filled with wet cement slammed down on top of her destroyed form, flattening it into the dirt. The fox’s face was mushed up into the denim crack of the lynx’s pants, a hideously warm and wet crevasse that stunk of stale farts, but little did she know, the worst was still yet to come.

“Enough!” Vikki cackled from her throne. “Oh, you’re fucking in, fat stuff! Get your jacket from the guards and steal yourself a bike, cause you’re a Steel Lynx now!” She said, almost a hint of pride in her voice, before her grin widened upon seeing the fat lynx slowly lurch to her feet. Plastered across her backside was a pathetic, whimpering, twitching orange stain, smoking slightly as she cooled off from all the abuse that she’d taken. The lynx sat back in her throne and smirked, the rusty iron cogs in her head beginning to turn.

“Scrape that mess up and find her partner, then warm up the moulds. I wanna send a message to her boss…”

~~~

Melonie Stripe, CEO of Stripe Industries, soon to be mayor of Furtropolis, and supervillain mastermind, was rarely perplexed, but when she opened her penthouse apartment door to see the large crate sitting outside, she had to admit to being so.

“Curious…” The skunk muttered to herself but nodded to one of her personal bodyguards to bring it inside. The suit-wearing hippo quickly complied, dragging it to the middle of her entry hall, before crowbarring the side open, and as the wooden wall fell away, Melonie felt a second emotion that was quite rare these days: Surprise. And pleasant surprise at that.

Inside the crate, nestled in a bed of straw, was… a toilet. An orange toilet. An orange toilet with a pair of foxy ears sticking out of the top, a pair of wide, horrified eyes on the tank, and a vulpine curling around from the back. Clarissa Clarion, toilet extraordinaire, gave a muffled squeak of fear as she saw exactly who was staring down at her, and the sinister grin on the skunks’ face.

“Well, isn’t this interesting…” The skunk purred, circling around the crate as it was completely opened up, and examining the toilet from all sides. She reached out and wrapped a knuckled against it, getting a metallic ringing in response. “It appears to be some sort of copper-fox alloy. How ingenious. Ah, and what’s this?”

The skunk grinned as she opened the toilet’s lid, seeing a roll of grey, furry toilet paper inside, each sheet printed with the face of a bunny she didn’t recognise, but of more interest to her was the small note tucked inside.

“Here’s your spy bitches back, rich girl! Try that again and we’ll do worse to the next lot!” Was scrawled across the paper in a rough, misspelled message, and Melonie tossed her head back, howling with laughter!

“Oh, that is just delicious! It appears our poor, intellectually challenged biker friend thought that I sent you, Agent Clarissa.” The skunk cackled, then scrunched the note up and tossed it away. “Well, I certainly won’t be the one to inform her of her mistake… Mildred, get these two installed in the main bathroom, then inform the chef that I’ll be having the chili for dinner tonight. It's time I showed my foxy friend here just how much I appreciate her snooping.” Melonie purred, then turned and walked off, returning to her business and leaving the whimpering Clarissa to stare at her wide, sashaying hips as she walked away, knowing full well that she and Jade would be seeing plenty more of them in her very shitty future...

Congratulations, Agent! You successfully discovered a link between The Steel Lynxes and Stripe Industries! A shame that all your hard work is about to be flushed down the drain… along with Melonie’s second-hand dinner. Perhaps next time you’ll keep your eyes on the hulking mountain of lynx, and not give such a de-pressing performance in the arena.

~~~~~~~

>Conquer the mountain!

A couple of scrawny street toughs with knives wouldn’t be enough to take out Agent Clarissa Clarion, and they weren’t the real threat anyway! The massive lynx’s advance turned into a charge, rushing Clarissa like a freight train, but the fox was ready! As Sasha had taught her in hand-to-hand 101, when faced with a bigger foe, use their weight against them!

The snarling lynx reached out to grab Clarissa, and with trained grace, she stepped aside, grabbed the lynx’s wrist, then pivoted and hurled her in a classic judo throw! The huge biker’s roar changed to a yelp as she suddenly found herself flying through the air, tossed effortlessly by a fox a fraction of her weight, but she was nowhere near as surprised as the knife sisters, who had been sneaking up behind Clarissa, and now had a wall of fat lynx ass flying at them. With twin shrieks and a loud SPLAT, the mountainous feline slammed into the wall, crushing the sisters into a pair of identical butt-tattoos, before slumping down, out cold.

The two other lynxes gawped in disbelief at the sight of three fighters taken out in a single throw, giving Clarissa all the time, she needed. She swept the leg of the one with the metal pipe, knocking him to the ground and deftly catching the weapon as it bounced free of his hand. With a single, clean blow from the pipe he was out cold, and as the last lynx rushed her from behind, Clarissa just smirked and hurled the pipe, clocking him right in the noggin and knocking him off his feet.

“Got any more?” The fox said with a smirk, as boos rained down from the stands. A few of the gang members seemed for a moment like they would climb down into the arena to shut the mouthy fox up, but as it turned out, they wouldn’t need to… As Clarissa turned back to face Vikki, the lynx was… gone. Her throne sat empty, and as the fox frowned, wondering where she had run off to, she heard the deep, throaty revving of an engine.

Clarissa had just enough time to roll aside as Vikki’s motorbike shot off her throne platform, leaping through the air and crashing down right where the fox had been standing a moment beforehand. Rolling to her feet, Clarissa immediately had to leap aside again as Vikki brought her bike around and lashed out with her chain, before breaking hard enough that her back wheel lifted from the ground, and she could pivot her bike on the spot. The tire crashed back down, and the lynx was now facing Clarissa head on, revving her engine with one hand, and swinging the chain with the other.

“I got your ‘more’ right here, bitch.” Vikki spat, the Steel Lynxes cheering her name as she kicked her bike into gear and shot across the arena towards Clarissa! With her maneuverability, heavy vehicle, and the reach from that chain, this was going to be an annoying fight. So the question was, how should Clarissa handle it?

>Target the lynx!
>Target the bike!

~~~~~~~

>Target the lynx!

Her target was obvious. This was a one-on-one fight, so of course she was going to target the one, rather than her gear! Clarissa charged forwards as Vikki came around again, but was quickly forced back by the lashing chain. She managed to avoid getting entangled by it, but she was losing ground in the process! Luckily for her, Vikki’s drive-by attacks meant that she could never really press the advantage, but she was always harassing the fox. Any time Clarissa made an attack, the Lynx revved her bike out of the way, churning up a dust cloud to blind the fox and lashing out indiscriminately. As Clarissa tried to retreat, she yelped as the chain managed to lash across her butt, tearing out the seat of her pants to expose her pink panties to the crowd, inviting a fresh round of laughter and jeers.

“Cute! Maybe I’ll get myself a pair!” Vikki mocked from her bike, revving again as she sat at her safe distance, ready for another charge. The lynx was just toying with her now, prompting a frustrated growl from the fox, but as Vikki revved her engine tauntingly, the cogs started to turn in Clarissa’s head. The lynx used the chain to attack from the sides, and threatened with her bike from the front, but if the fox could leap over that dangerous front wheel… Yes! Land on the tyre guard and spring from there into a flying kick to knock the lynx clean off her bike! It was just crazy enough to work, not to mention the fact that it would look amazing in the debrief footage. The fox narrowed her eyes, a slight smirk appearing on her face as she tossed her hair back. Now she just needed to get the lynx’s ire.

“I don’t think they come in your size.” She taunted back, trying to regain her authority and even pulling a confident pose, putting her hands on her hips and cocking them to one side. “But if you want them so much, come and get them.” The fox said brashly, earning herself a derisive snort and a glare from the biker queen in response. Without another word, the lynx gunned her engine and shot towards the fox, cold anger blazing in her eyes at the lack of fear on display by the secret agent, planning on just running her straight down. But Clarissa had other plans.

As the biker drew near the fox started to sprint, running straight at her in a bold countercharge! Momentary doubt flickered in Vikki’s eyes, but the lynx hadn’t gotten where she had today by second guessing herself! She doubled down, speeding up as she and Clarissa seemed due for a head on collision, one that would not end in the fox’s favour! But at the last second, Clarissa suddenly sprung into the air, pulling off an elegant summersault for extra style points and landed in a low crouch, perfectly balanced on the motorbike’s front wheel guard! Vikki gasped, taken aback as she was suddenly staring at the fox face-to-face, while agent Clarion just grinned, then opened her mouth to speak.

Or she would have, had not the loose scraps of fabric dangling from the shredded seat of her pants suddenly gotten caught in the wheel! The fox’s deadly smirk flipped to a frightened yelp as she was suddenly dragged backwards off the bike, and straight under the wheel! With a loud KASQUISH-KASPLAT, the fox’s body was ploughed straight over by the motorbike, flattening her screaming, not-so-cocksure-now form under both tires! Vikki grit her teeth as she bounced like she had just gone over a speed bump, then slammed on the brakes and spun her bike to a halt, facing back the way she had came, and seeing the secret agent now flattened into the dirt, a wide tire mark running right down the middle of her body like a skunk’s stripe! From hips to hair, everything in a foot-wide line was completely flat, while her four unflattened limbs stuck into the air and twitched in utter pain. Her clothes were completely shredded, leaving nothing but scraps and her bright pink underwear, and worst of all, her bra had completely exploded, and her breasts had been squashed outwards, on full display for the world! But what really had Vikki and the rest of the Steel Lynxes howling with laughter was the fox’s face, completely squashed into the ground, with a look of utter shock permanently pressed into it. The fox gave a tiny, pained squeak, just barely audible over the thunder of the audience’s laughter, and Vikki smirked. Victory was hers, but this mouthy bitch was going to pay.

“Hey flat fuck! I’m not done with you yet!” She roared with a bully’s joy, knowing that her victim was helpless against her now, and wheeled her bike around, racing it forwards again. SPLAT went the fox’s left side, crushed down into the dirt by the heavy wheels of the custom bike, but Vikki was already turning, shooting back towards the fox and SQUISH! There went the Clarissa’s right side, leaving nothing but a flattened mess of foxy failure in the dirt as Vikki skidded to a halt. Finally, the lynx dismounted, making her way over to the squished, twitching, horrified fox with a taunting slowness, then snorted and smirked down at her.

“Yeah. Now I’m done with you...” She declared, then tilted her head. “Almost. I reckon your right. That underwear ain’t gonna fit me. ‘Specially now its crushed into the dirt.” The lynx continued, reaching down and slowly peeling the sheet of foxy fabric off the ground, and holding her flat, naked body up for all to see. Not that Vikki cared about that. She just wanted to look the scared fox in the eyes, and grinned with sadistic delight as she was rewarded with pure fear.

“Looks like I’m gonna have to custom make a pair…”

~~~

The lynx sat reclined on her throne, legs spread as below her the mess in the arena was cleaned up. She had to admit, it felt night to go without her airtight, sweaty, hot leather pants occasionally, and just sit around on her throne in her shirt, jacket… and new, bright orange pair of underwear. Vikki grinning, grinding her sweat-slicked furry ass into the seat of the throne, enjoying the hideously wet squelching noises that came from beneath her, as well as the muffled sobbing and wailing as Clarissa Clarion, superspy extraordinaire turned underwear ordinaire, used her face to soak up the lynx’s copious amount of butt sweat.

“Yeah, get right deep in there, bitch…” The lynx growled, reaching back and adjusting her underwear, cramming more of Clarissa’s face into her filthy, unwashed crack, then scratching an itch right on her tailhole through the fabric. She pulled her hand out and sniffed her fingers experimentally, then immediately recoiled from the heinous smell. “Fuck! That shit REEKS!” She swore, wiping her fingers on the fabric of the underwear, then bouncing her ass down some more, compressing her cheeks like a car crusher around the fox’s trapped face and smothering her between the rancid walls. “An’ if I had to guess, you’ve probably got about… ten more seconds before you reek just as fuckin’ bad.” The lynx snorted, a smirk on her face as she felt something brewing in her gut. Before Clarissa could register exactly what the lynx had meant, the gang leader lifted a leg, grunted and-

BRRRRRRFFFFFFFPPPPPTTTT!!!

The fog of oily, greenish-yellow smog burned with a thick chemical stink as it passed through Clarissa’s face, leaving the lingering stink of a burning sewage treatment plant. Vikki just sighed with delight as her cheeks jiggled and clapped together sweatily around the fox’s face, grinning with delight as she heard the muffled screams redoubling.

“Yeah… that’s the good shit…” She muttered, lowering her leg again, then sighing and getting back to her feet, snatching up her discarded leather pants again. “Alright, back in the stinkhole, fart-face! I’ve got plenty more where that came from, an’ I don’t wanna be smelling them.” The lynx roughly yanked her tight pants back on, silencing Clarissa’s screams and plunging her into the humid, airtight prison of Vikki’s leather-clad ass. The same one that she would be spending the majority of her life in from now on. Already the lynx’s ass was beginning to sweat again, all Clarissa’s ‘hard work’ undone in an instant, as the putrid liquid soaked back in from all sides. The lynx lifted her leg again, letting out an almost absent-minded ppppprrrfffftttt, but those pants were airtight for a reason. She wouldn’t be smelling that fart until she peeled off her leather leggings later tonight, but Clarissa would be huffing it all day long.

Down below, a group of rowdy Steel Lynxes burst in, dragging a battered, sweat-soaked, fart-fuming bunny limply between them. Vikki just smirked, then put her hands on her hips.

“Oh hey. Looks like my new bra’s arrived.”

Not the best plan in the world, Clarissa, especially given how good Vikki is on her bike. She’s in charge for good reason, and you’ll be learning those reasons as you ride along with her for the next few decades… Or until she farts a hole in you!

~~~~~~~

>Target the bike!

Sure, the lynx had that chain, but her big advantage here was the bike! Clarissa dove aside as Vikki skidded by where she had been a moment ago, but the fox knew she couldn’t keep dodging her. That bike was speed, maneuverability, and lethality all rolled into one grade-A fox-squashing package, and if Clarissa wanted to end up as anything other than roadkill, she needed to get that lynx off that bike!

Dodging another vicious swing, Clarissa tumbled across the arena floor as Vikki circled around again, ready for a straight charge. The fox gasped, the taste of dust and exhaust fumes thick in her mouth, the ground beneath her hands hard and… metal? Her hand closed around something, and opening her eyes, Clarissa noticed that she’d landed right on top of her trusty iron pipe.

“SQUISH TIME, BITCH!” Vikki howled behind her, snapping Clarissa out of her monetary reverie to see the motorcycle-mounted maniac charging at her again. Narrowing her eyes, Clarissa tightened her grip around the pipe as Vikki burned rubber towards her, waiting as late as possible until-

The fox launched herself aside, just narrowly avoiding getting mulched by those tires, but as she did so, she hurled the pipe as straight as she could towards the bike’s spokes! The metal rod lanced through, spinning for a moment with the wheel before hitting the suspension with a loud clang! Instantly the front wheel came to a dead stop, but momentum carried the rest of it, and Vikki, forwards, flipping end over end and bouncing across the ground! Vikki slammed into an arena wall, left twitching against the metal, but an unlucky bounce from the bike sent it spinning into the audience! The lynxes screamed and scattered as the bike came crashing down into the stands, a metal rod piercing its fuel tank and creating just enough of a spark that the whole thing caught! With a thunderous boom the bike exploded, wrecking the stands, sending lynxes flying and starting a towering blaze that was quickly spreading to the rest of the warehouse. Clarissa could only blink, a little dumbstruck by the utter destruction she had caused with a single metal pipe, but while the Steel Lynxes were distracted, this was her moment to grab Vikki and haul her back to HQ!

“Jade! I need immediate pickup! I have the-” The fox faltered as she glanced over to where Vikki had been, and realised that the lynxes weren’t the only ones distracted. She was gone! Leaving behind only a spread-eagled indentation in the metal as an indication that she had ever been there! Clarissa growled and glanced around, catching a glimpse of the lynx as she hauled herself back up onto her throne platform and sprinted away into the darkness.

“I’m not going to make it that easy for you…” The fox said with a smirk, starting to give chase, mantling up onto the same platform and following.

~~~

Clarissa burst through a door in the back of the warehouse, coming out in the junkyard and immediately hearing the sounds of a bike taking off. Sure enough, Vikki was already zipping away, deftly weaving through the stacks of rusted cars, scrap metal piles and various broken bits and pieces as she tried to make her escape. Clarissa glanced around, immediately seeing a sporty little Japanese bike in a very appealing cherry red and hopping on, gunning the ignition and shooting off after the lynx through the twisting paths of the junkyard.

“Miss Clarissa! An extraction team will be ready to meet you in one minute at the western exit of the junkyard! Just bring the package there!” She said happily, not knowing about most of the chaos down on the ground. Clarissa nodded, seeing the lynx’s steel grey motorcycle coming up fast. While Vikki was the better rider, it seemed that Clarissa had picked up the faster bike, and as the two raced through the blur that was the Steel Lynx’s junkyard base, Clarissa was slowly pulling up alongside the lynx.

A vicious lash from Vikki’s chain had the fox veer wide, losing some ground as she quickly had to swerve again to avoid a stack of smashed cars, ending up behind the lynx.

“Sorry Vikki, some fancy riding isn’t enough to get away from me!” The fox boasted, her lightweight, higher-tech bike keeping pace, allowing her to follow right behind the lynx. “Pull over and tell me everything you know about Melonie Stripe, and I won’t have T.I.M.B.E.R. crush your entire bike collection!” The lynx shouted above the rushing wind, but only received a snarl and a glare in response.

“Fuck you, tits! Do you have any idea who the fuck you’re messing with!?” She snarled, skidding around a corner with Clarissa right on her tail. “Lemme show you!”

The lynx deftly wove around the base of a crane, cutting line of sight with the fox for a moment, but as Clarissa followed, Vikki suddenly slammed on the brakes and leapt from her vehicle, sailing through the air with hands outstretched and landing on the front of Clarissa’s bike! The lynx grinned, a mad glint in her eye as she grabbed for Clarissa, trying to throw her off, but even failing that, the fox had no idea where she was going with the lynx blocking her sight. She yelped, her bike beginning to swerve madly as she desperately and blindly veered around the obstacle-strewn junkyard.

“What are you doing!? You’ll get us both killed!” The fox shrieked, trying to fight off the lynx and steer at the same time, but Vikki only hissed with delight.

“Nah… I’m just gonna kill YOU!” She laughed, continuing to struggle with her foxy adversary, but Clarissa was right! At this rate, they were both speeding towards disaster! She needed to do something, and do something quick!

>Shake her with some fancy driving!

>Fight Vikki off!

>Bail out!

~~~~~~~

>Shake her with some fancy driving!

“You think you’re the only world-class motorcycle rider around here!?” The fox scoffed up at the struggling lynx, trying to keep her at bay with one hand and steer with the other. With a hard shove she pushed Vikki off-balance, the lynx yelping as she pinwheeled her arms, and Clarissa took momentary advantage of that to glance around the stinking lynx filling her view.

There! Up ahead! A piece of rusty sheet metal resting at an angle, making for the perfect ramp! As Vikki regained her balance, Clarissa swerved hard to the left and gunned the engine, speeding up.

“What the hell are you-” The lynx began, then glanced over her shoulder. Her eyes widened as she saw the ramp, glanced back to Clarissa to assess just how crazy this fox was, and without a moment’s more hesitation, she threw herself from the bike! The lynx yowled and yelped as she tumbled across the dirt, not looking so high and mighty now, and Clarissa could only laugh as she looked back at her.

“What’s wrong, Vikki? Lost your nerve at the sight of a little jump?” The fox taunted back at her, before turning her eyes back to the road in front of her… and seeing what Vikki had seen. With the fat lynx ass obscuring her view, Clarissa had been able to just see the ramp, but she hadn’t been able to see that it was pointed right at the side of one of the junkyard buildings!

The fox screeched and slammed on the brakes as she hit the ramp, but she was going far too fast! Her bike flew off the end of it, sailing through the air in what would have been a perfect jump... if it wasn’t for the stonking great stone building in the way! Clarissa screamed, raising her arms to try to protect herself, her eyes going wide, then-

KERSPLAT!

Fox and bike slammed into the brick wall, the bike crumpling on impact, while the fox just splatted against it! Her body crunched against the wall, limbs spreading from the force of the impact so it almost looked like she was trying to hug it, and her already too-tight stolen clothes bursting at the seams as her body mass redistributed itself. Scraps of clothing went flying, leaving the fox naked, her front flattened and embedded into the wall, while her backside jiggled and shook.

There was a moment of long silence, broken only by the occasional cracking and crumbling of stone before Clarissa Clarion, tail twitching in utter pain, gave the weakest of moans. Slowly, as gravity imposed itself upon her body, the flat-faced fox peeled free of the wall and fell backwards, tumbling through the air and landing with a loud CRASH in an overflowing dumpster below. The fox’s legs stuck free, her panty-clad booty jiggling on display for all to see, while her upper half was completely buried in the Steel Lynxes’ putrid garbage.

“Pfft. So much for being a ‘world-class rider.’” Vikki snorted, walking over to the dumpster and glaring at the still-twitching legs. The lynx was covered with dirt and dust, looking like an absolute mess from her bail out, but in the grand scheme of things, she was still doing far better than Clarissa. “Cause all I see here is fuckin’ trash.”

The lynx stopped, smirking a little as she saw the twitching kicks beginning to slow. She could smell the rank odour of rotten food, soiled clothing and enough stale beer to fill a bathtub rolling off that bin, and while the lynx wasn’t a very imaginative type, she could certainly imagine the hellish stench that Clarissa was choking on right now. She placed her hands on her hips and grinned. A fitting end for this bitch who’d caused her so much trouble.

The lynx was snapped out of her pleasurable viewing as she heard sirens in the distance. It seemed that the burning warehouse had drawn some undue attention, and she wasn’t the type to stick around and assist the police with her enquiries. Nearby, a few other Steel Lynxes were pulling up, having followed their boss, and were sniggering along at the sight.

“Fuck, the fuzz…” She growled, then glanced back to the dumpster, unable to resist one last smirk. “Later, fox bitch! You’re gonna make a niiiice warning message for those pigs when they show up. You mess with the Lynxes, an’ you get trashed!” Vikki shouted, then sprinted up to one of her underlings and punched her out, tossing her off the bike. A second later and Vikki had mounted up, shooting off with the remnants of her gang into the night, and leaving Clarissa to stew in bin juice and failure…

The police will be getting quite a sight when they show up. Suffocated in a dumpster? Not the most noble end, Clarissa! It looks like T.I.M.B.E.R. might have to find themselves a new rising star, because this one’s fallen to some pretty garbage lows.

~~~~~~~

>Fight Vikki off!


“You’re insane!” The fox yelled, letting go of the throttle with one hand to try and strike at the manic lynx, landing a few solid blows. The biker yelped and snarled as she took the hits, but as the fox’s fist pulled back a fourth time, she lunged, planting one foot on the throttle and grabbing Clarissa’s fist as it swung.

“Fuck you, spy bitch!” Came her witty retort, the lynx trying to strike back with her free hand and leaving the two locked in a struggle for supremacy over the bike, all the while it slowly sped up! Vikki’s paw, planted on the throttle Clarissa had released, was inadvertently rolling forwards, pushing the bike to more and more ludicrous speeds as the two vicious vixens continued their struggle. The bike swerved and skidded, thrown from side to side as they grappled and managed to avoid a few obstacles by pure chance, but that couldn’t last. The junkyard was littered with trash and debris, and Clarissa knew that if she didn’t win soon, T.I.M.B.E.R. would be peeling both of them off the pavement! Her eyes narrowed and she grit her teeth, before yanking her fist free and quickly slamming it into Vikki’s gut.

“Get! Off! My! Bike!” The vixen snarled, punctuating every word with a powerful blow, stunning the lynx, before finally grabbing her by her greasy leather collar and yanking her down hard. At the same time, the fox’s massive chest swung up, slamming into the dazed biker’s face like a pair of baseball bats. Vikki yowled as she was launched by the breastacular uppercut and thrown free of the bike, crashing into the dusty ground and tumbling along, while Clarissa looked back to make sure she was down, a smirk on her face.

“You may rule this biker riffraff, but you’re nothing compared to T.I.M.B.E.R’s fines-”

With a horrific KERSPLAT the mocking fox abruptly slammed into the remnants of a crane’s counterweight laying in the path. The huge concrete cube didn’t even budge an inch as the bike crashed into it, but the vixen sure did! Clarissa shrieked as she was thrown forwards, slamming face-first into the concrete so hard that her body buried itself all the way up to her fat hips. The concrete around her cracked and splintered, while the bike compacted itself into scrap, but Clarissa herself was left miraculously intact… just now stuck halfway through a two-tonne block of concrete, with only her kicking legs and juicy cheeks jiggling free of the confines!

Vikki growled, picking herself from the dirt with rage burning inside her at being upstaged by that bimbo bitch! But as she glared around, ready for Clarissa’s inevitable attack, her rage instead melted away into laughter as she saw the fox’s backside sticking out of a massive block of concrete. The lynx utterly howled as she saw the twitching tail, the kicking legs, and heard the muffled screams of the trapped lynx coming from inside.

“Yeah? Well I’m not the one buried halfway through a fucking pillar, bitch!” Vikki shouted, marching up and slamming her paw into the fox’s fat backside with a heavy kick. Clarissa squealed, and Vikki’s grin only widened. Behind her, more of her gang were pulling up as they fled the flaming destruction of their hideout, but before they could question their boss, Vikki wheeled around on them. “Get the fucking crane and load this bitch up! We’re getting the fuck out of here… but I think our next base’s got a new centerpiece.” The lynx growled, unsheathing her claws and slashing them across the fox’s ass. Clarissa’s shredded pants exploded, revealing her shapely backside for all the gang to see, while Vikki just smirked.

“Make sure you get her fuckin’ handler too. We’re gonna put them both to work…”

~~~

Less than a day later, the Steel Lynxes old hideout was ash, and their new hideout was flourishing. The once abandoned chop shop and vehicle warehouse was now bustling with rowdy bikers unloading gear, breaking down walls for extra room or welding together scrap into what could charitably be called furniture. Though at a single glance, it seemed that all the work was being done by the female members. And at a second glance, the reason why was clear.

All the male members of the gang were lined up in front of two heavy concrete slabs right in the middle of the warehouse, all waiting their turn as two fat lynxes were busy thrusting away at the pair of bare asses that stuck out of a slab each. One clearly a red fox, the other a grey bunny. The bunny’s slab seemed fresher, as if it had just been poured around her last night, but either way the result was the same: Two failed spies, sealed in concrete, and reduced to nothing but a pair of fucktoys for every male member of Vikki’s gang.

From on the gantry above, the lynx herself smirked as she watched the brutal pounding happening below, the whole gang able to hear the screams and shrieks of their two new additions even through two full feet of thick concrete. With a pair of satisfied grunts the two fat lynxes finished up, thrusting deeply into the jiggling cheeks, before stepping back and leaving the two tortured asses dripping and twitching. Before a breath had passed, the next pair started to step up and unbuckle, not concerned at all about sloppy seconds, or about utterly ruining the pair.

“Guess you fucked up, spy bitch.” Vikki growled, a vicious grin on her muzzle. “And now you’re gonna be gettin’ fucked up for a long, long time…” She laughed, then turned and walked away, the renewed sounds of muffled sobbing and wailing echoing out behind her.

Looks like that choice got you screwed over, Clarissa! You and Jade both. Might be worth remembering that Vikki’s a lunatic, and just because she thinks its a good idea to fight on top of a speeding motorbike doesn’t mean you should rise to her challenge. Else you might end up between a cock and a hard place…

~~~~~~~

>Bail out!

Clarissa had seen the look in Vikki’s eyes before. Anger, eagerness, and stupidity. Vikki didn’t have a plan when she jumped on Clarissa’s bike, she was just drunk, frenzied and so full of herself that she couldn’t imagine this going wrong! In other words, they were both utterly fucked as long as they remained on that bike.

“I’m gonna END you for fucking up my operation!” The lynx hissed, her claws lunging for the fox, but Clarissa had already made up her mind. The fox leapt to the side, crashing down into the dirt and rolling, her heavy chest going a long way to cushioning her fall, but it still hurt like hell… especially when she heard the lynx’s mocking laughter.

“That’s what I thought! You ain’t a rider, spy bitch, and now, you’re fucked!” The lynx hissed with glee, slamming on the brakes to pull a lightning-fast turn and run the fox down… And getting no response.

“I might not be a rider,” Clarissa said with a smirk, rolling over and holding out her fist. “But I’m still pretty sure this is important.” She said, opening her hand to reveal the colourful section of brake line that she had ripped from the bike! The lynx yelped, glancing down and seeing brake fluid spraying across the front wheel from the torn-up tubing, then back up at the rapidly approaching concrete slab!

“FUCK-” The lynx began, before she SLAMMED into the crane counterweight and splattered like a bug on a windshield! Her bike pancaked itself into a scrap sheet, much in the same manner as the lynx did, and in a split second, it was all over. Clarissa breathed a sigh of relief, then got to her feet and put her hands on her hips, smirking at the sight of the twitching, flattened lynx.

“Ride’s over, Vikki.” The spy said with a smirk, then glanced back at the blazing inferno that was the Steel Lynxes’ old hideout. “You’ve crashed and burned.”
Rain pattered ceaselessly against glass and in the distance lightning bolts wove like thread and needle through thick grey clouds. Maple gave her collar a tug for the umpteenth time, hating the way it felt. It felt like a snake had wound its way around her and was poised to bite. As it turned out, this wasn’t too far from the truth.

“Stop playing with it, you’re going to give yourself a rash.” Syn scolded. The A.I had been a part of Maple for almost as long as she could remember, a calming voice of reason to balance out her sometimes wild demeanour.

“Don’t you think I have more to worry about than a rash?” Maple tugged at the collar again and sighed before leaning into the controls of her ship, easing the thrusters upward out of atmo. Even burdened with cargo as it was, The Kit had an easy time of sliding up through the clouds. Lightning arced off her wings as Maple urged her away from the station that had caused her so much stress.

“I told you not to get mixed up with eccentric scientists - perhaps next time you won’t let yourself be blinded by the credits.” Syn replied, her voice dancing through Maple’s mind like it was her own.

“If there is a next time…” Maple muttered.She set the ship over to A.I and started to calculate a route that would make haste but not burn out Kit’s thrusters, reflecting on the series of insane events that had led her to this moment. Leah’s Point, the station that was fading from view in her rear sensors, called itself a Free Trade Station. What that usually meant was that it you could buy or sell almost anything there - or anyone. Most reputable Porters steered clear of stations like that, but if you were careful and had a gun strapped to your belt, they were usually a good way of turning a quick profit. Maple had touched down two days ago looking to pick up some easy contract, porting goods nobody else would haul meant more creds and The Kit had almost been designed to house sensitive cargo. One contract had stood out to Maple in particular.

Porter needed: Fragile Chemicals
.25 tons
25000 creds
Enquire at Phase Pharmaceuticals

And so Maple had found herself walking into a building that would have been better suited as a drug den than a place of business. Worn, plain duraplast walls seemed out of place next to the bright (and often overwhelming) palettes of contesting stores in the station’s industrial-retail park. Her AI buzzed in her mind, letting her know that it hadn’t been able to dig up any info on Phase Pharmaceuticals and that she ought to keep a hand on her holster. She didn’t need to be told twice. The interior of the building was gloomy, half of the lights flickered and the other half didn’t seem to work at all. Dusty shelves with a skeletal smattering of wares were dimly illuminated. Tonics and cure-alls in strangely shaped bottles with dulled labels stared back at the vixen as she passed on through the store, approaching the counter and the figure behind it.

"Hi, I'm the porter. Here for that job you posted." Maple's tone was casual for a vixen who was fingering the grip of her pistol nervously.

"Yeah." The man replied, a badger perhaps? It was hard to tell under the bulky labcoat he wore and the grey, face concealing gasmask. Why a gasmask? Some species couldn't breath the air that the common species could, but she'd never met one. Usually they lived among their own habitats. Maple frowned.

"My ship's The Kit out in landing bay twelve. She'll get whatever it is you're shipping to where-ever it is it's going. Just point me in the direction and pad my cred account."
"Yeah." The creature replied again, his voice muffled behind the mask. Maple's frown deepened. What the fuck was wrong with this guy, and what in hell's name was she agreeing to haul? She couldn't give him a piece of her mind yet though. Twenty five thousand credits was a lot of cash, enough to put up with an abrupt prick like this. It wasn't going to stop her from asking though;

"What's with the gasmask?"

"I'm glad you asked." Finally more than a one word response. Maple listened. "The mask filters the anaesthetic chemicals that I released into the store's ventilation when you informed me you were on your way over. It is to prevent me from falling unconscious like you're about to."

Maple didn't really hear much more than the first few words, the world was already falling dark around her. She wouldn't remember stumbling back, knocking over a display stand and groping clumsily for her pistol, nor would she remember eventually crumpling in a heap on the floor or the creature as he grabbed hold of her by her arms and dragged her further into the building.

- - -

When Maple woke up she learned that the creature's name was Kali, that he was a doctor who owed some money to the wrong sort of crowd. They had him working overtime on the sorts of chemicals that could completely rebuild a person's life. She didn't ask in what way.

The vixen had been fitted with a collar whilst she was asleep. She tried to pry it off immediately but as soon as her fingers went for the clasp a dozen tiny needles bit at her neck, causing her to yelp in pain and rub at the area sorely before glaring at the doctor.
"You see," The doctor started, Maple could see he was indeed a badger now that the gas mask was off. "The last two porters who took delivery of my chems made off with them. Ain't a lot of scientific brain power this side of the Rim and specialty chems? Well what I do is worth a lot of money. It's the reason I'm still alive and the reason you're modelling my latest invention. Don't try and kill me, you wouldn't like what happens if you do." He must have seen Maple reaching for the gun that was still holstered to her waist. She had contacts of her own, people who could nullify this thing. Probably. "It turns out you're going to deliver my chemicals and you're not going to make any stops along the way. Your collar is going to inject your body with specially designed nanites, my own creation!" He smiled a little, smug smile that made Maple only want to smack him more.
"You see… I’m an admirer of the larger creatures of life. These little guys, they're going to get into your body and they're going to make you want to eat. A lot."


"Excuse me?!" The vixen stammered. "They're going to do what?!"
"Make you want to eat." He repeated, slowly and with the impatience of talking to some backwards hillbilly. The urge to punch him was only rising. "Of course, I know your types. You take gods know what to keep your bodies slim and 'perfect'. So if you want if you want to keep your perfect little body than if I were you I'd hurry along. Because every hour of every day, until I receive confirmation that the package is delivered, you're going to be hungry."

"You can't do this!"

"What, are you going to report me? The feds don’t give a shit about Leah’s Point, you wouldn’t be out here looking to make a quick stack of creds if they did. Besides, it's not like I'm putting you in any danger. Eat as much as you want, soon to be piggy. The nanites will keep you healthy until you've delivered my package. I can't have you popping on me like the last courier." Settling back into his chair behind the counter, the badger smiled a cruel little smile. Like a kid who had trapped a bug and was watching it squirm.

"P-popping?!"

"Of course, I haven't been able to fully test out these new nanites but hopefully they'll keep you together." He paused and leaned forward a fraction. "But porter, I want you to know before you leave: My little machines will only make you feel hungry. It's up to you to keep control of yourself. If you have half an ounce of willpower you'll make it to your destination unscathed. But… personally? I'm hoping you turn into a blimp. I'm looking forward to watching Rene’s security feeds and seeing you waddle in."

Maple groaned, already she could feel the tiny machines doing their work. She felt as though she'd skipped breakfast and last night's dinner. Her stomach rumbled angrily.
"Go on! Off with you. Scurry on and deliver my chems, I had them loaded into your ship whilst you were out."

Hurling a few choice curses, the vixen flipped off her client before she scurried out the door. This station, the doctor, everything here was fucked up. She'd be happy to be back on her ship, thinking her way out of this mess.












I landed heftily in the dirt, kicking up a puff of the tan powder
and causing me to cough as I fanned it away. Xavier stood above
me, and pulled the sword shape chunk of wood back to his side. He
asked, “Are you really still having this much trouble?” with a
concerned scratch to the back of his head.
I looked up at him, sprawled out at his feet, with my body
bruised from taking multiple well-placed thwacks from his makeshift
weapon. I wanted to say “Nope, faking it for pity,” but I really was
having this much trouble. My body felt heavy and tight, and my
muscles weren’t responding the way I wanted them to. I had barely
connected with swings of my own twice on him, and struggled even
more to read and block his counterstrikes. I guess when the growth is
so linear, you don’t really notice how much of a difference your Syk
makes for you. But having gone from well trained, agile, and strong,
to sluggish and weak overnight had my mind and body out of sync;
and if the welts all over my torso were any indication, I was paying
the price for it.
“I… guess I am.” I responded solemnly, worry beginning to set in
as the true gravity of how much had changed was hitting me. Xavier
sighed, closing his eyes as his shoulders drooped.
“I suppose… it is a little unfair to pit you against me, considering
the circumstances.” He flipped the sword in his hand, holding it
backwards, and jammed into the soft dirt at his feet. He leaned
down, offering me his now freed hand, and dragged me back up. I
dusted myself off, giving my whole body a good shake, like a dog, to
clear any remaining debris from my scales. “But this little sparring
session has given me a good idea of the state you’re in. I can better
estimate how this will affect us in actual battles now.” My ears fell
and I looked down at the ground I had become so intimately
familiar with.
“I'm... starting to worry I’m just going to weigh you down.” A
look of pity crossed his face, and he placed a hand on my shoulder.
“You won’t, Eren. Be you strong or weak, your aid will always be
most welcome.” I looked up at him, and felt weird being consoled 
by someone of such standing and power. Regardless, I couldn’t help
but smile.
“Alright… At the very least I can be a meat shield for you.” He
chuckled.
“Let’s not get carried away, now. I have no intention of letting
you die in my name.” He lowered his hand, and turned around to
grab his wooden sword. “I think that’s enough sparring for now.
Come, let’s go for a hike.”
“You sure about that?” Mura’s voice called from the doorway,
where she had been seated sipping a glass of tea as she watched
us train; all the while jeering and teasing me for being a crappy
Blade. All in good fun, she’d inevitably insist, but it was definitely not
helping my morale. “I mean, it’s pretty dangerous in those woods
back there. You sure the twig will be able to handle it?”
“I appreciate your concern, Mura. But I have the utmost faith in
your father’s craftsmanship, even with wood.” Xavier responded,
examining the wooden blade in his hand. She shook her head.
“That’s not the twig I was talking about.” She eyeballed me
with all four of her mocking eyes, and my ears drooped.
“Why are you such an ass?” I responded sullenly, miffed at her
constant taunts. She held up a hand with two fingers raised.
“Two reasons. One, you suck, and two...” She gave her large
abdomen a pat. “I’ve got a big ass.” I rolled my eyes as Xavier
turned away with a groan. “Besides, it’s all just a joke. I’m sure you’ll
do fine.” Called it.
“Coulda fooled me.” She giggled before taking a long sip of
her drink, setting it down next to her and standing, walking over to
me.
“Aw, don’t be such a baby. Shouldn’t the ego of a Blade be
beyond getting crushed by some harmless fun?”
“This is literally incomparable to a normal Blade’s routine.” I put
no effort into hiding my disdain, half serious and half playing along.
“Fine, I’ll be nice to the little baby boy.” She reached into a
pocket and fished up a key with a wolf’s head as the bow. “C’mon,
I’ll let y’all take Rip with you. He’s smart, so you won’t have to worry
about getting lost. And if either of you get hurt, he’ll come get us,
‘kay?”
“What’s a Rip?” I asked, echoing my thoughts from the day
before.
“Follow me.” Her voice was mischievous as she led Xavier and
me around the front of their cabin. Fenced in to the left was a small
area with a tiny structure and a bowl, stained red with blood. In the
enclosure was a moderately sized, wolf-shaped monster,
scampering around with a large bone in its mouth, tossing it around
as it played with itself. As we watched the display of joy and
tranquility, highly uncommon in monsters, Mura grinned wide.
“THAT’S Rip. Hey, boy!” Her call caught Rip’s attention, and he
looked back at her, his attention immediately falling from the bone
in his maw. He dropped it haphazardly into the dirt and galloped
over, propping his forepaws on the fence and lolling his tongue out
excitedly. Offering her face up to him, his tail started wagging like
mad as he slobbered all over her, eliciting a giggling fit from the
spider. “Stooop, stop! Your breath stinks, bud!” Xavier watched the
display with a sense of shock, while I crossed my arms with a smirk.
In a yet-to-be-explained quirk with monsters, some wind up less
vicious than others. Gentle, or passive ferals, they were called. Crazy
people would hunt them down and tame them, and then even
crazier people would adopt them as pets, or train them for practical
uses. Mura was the pinnacle of crazy, I suppose, as she had done
both with Rip; which she explained as she unlocked the gate,
opening it to let Rip out. I was familiar with the whole thing, though,
as I too was one of the crazy ones. Rip was a none-too-gentle
reminder of my own pet at home in Seiun, Kinen. Seeing Rip
motivated me to overcome my worries about our frankly absurd
plan; I had to get home and make sure Kinen was okay, at the very
least.
 Rip was quick to trot proudly out, sitting and panting as Mura
knelt down next to him, assaulting him with six arms’ worth of pets.
“Who’s my good boy? Is it you? Yes it is~ Wanna go on another
adventure, buddy?” A deep, gruff bark was enough confirmation for
her, and she nodded proudly. “Awwriiiight. My buds here wanna go
for a walk in the woods and get some training in. Could ya go with
‘em and make sure they don’t get lost or die or anything for me?”
Xavier scratched his head as Rip barked again, standing back
up and trotting over to us, looking up with as close to a grin as a feral
beast like him could. He was bigger up close, coming up to my waist
on all fours, and easily able to meet me at eye level if he stood up
on his hind legs.
“We’ll make sure he gets back nice and safe.” She waved a
few hands.
“Oh, I’m not worried about that at all. If anything, he’ll kill
whatever kills you and drag your body back.” She chuckled and
rubbed the back of her head. “Couple things I gotta say first though.
It’s okay if he eats any of the monsters you kill, just no bugs. Some of
them are poisonous and it’ll upset his stomach, and believe me, you
don’t want to see that. Though he’s not dumb, so he shouldn’t go for
them anyway. Also, not a big fan of the plant-based ones, so if he
starts to freak out expect one of them to be nearby.” She looked up
to the sky and scrunched her face up. “Uhh... I think that’s it. Just let
him know when you’re ready to come back and he’ll lead ya.
Probably knows those woods better than me or my dad do.”
“Most impressive. I never knew domesticated monsters were so
intelligent.” I laughed, thinking back to all of the weirdly and
unexpectedly intelligent things Kinen had done over the years.
“You don’t know the half of it. C’mon, let’s go.” With an excited
bark, Rip happily bounced off ahead of us, turning back every
several meters to check to make sure we were still behind him. In
stark contrast to the rolling fields in front of their cabin, to the back
was a dense forest, populated quite heftily with monsters that
weren’t nearly as friendly as Rip. Walking with weapons drawn, we
welcomed each approach they made, every single swing and
evasion we made being good practice for the road ahead.
Watching Xavier made me realize that I had never actually
seen him fight for real before, and his fighting style was brilliant and
elegant; just what I’d expect from royalty. Wielding a sword in his
right hand and a shield (just a plank of wood with a leather strap on
the back at this point) mounted on his left, I had expected him to be
mostly defensive; but he maintains a close proximity to his enemies.
He uses his shield and sword in tandem in a flurry of nearunpredictable strikes that keeps the enemy off balance until his 
stamina is gone and he must retreat for a moment to prepare for
another offensive.
Should a monster prove too dangerous to approach, though,
he is capable of casting mighty wind spells from a distance. I guess
he did say he was a master of both. Thinking back to my own
fighting style, I felt severely outmatched, even ignoring the disparity
between Syk sizes. His skilled and strategic approach would probably
decimate my own mantra about fighting: Hit them really hard. A lot.
…It was admittedly not elegant, but until now, it’s worked. In my
weakened present state, though, it just felt like I was beating them to
death with a stick.
After an hour or so of fighting our way through the woods, we
came across a break in the dense forestry in the shadow of the cliff
face. Shimmering in its center was a lake with the clearest water I’d
ever seen; fish monsters and large underwater plants dancing
aimlessly beneath its surface. Sweaty and tired, it was a welcome
relief, and Rip seemed proud to have led us there. He cheerily
barked and scampered up to the edge of the water, dipping his
face in and drinking up some of the crystal-clear liquid. As Xavier
and I took a seat on the bank, Rip suddenly tackled into the water,
splashing loudly as he wrestled with something just below the
surface. His battle inevitably won; he lifted a writhing fish from the
water and turned around, moving back up some ways onto drier
land, shaking some of the water off before laying down and
beginning to gnaw away at it.
“He’s got the right idea. I’m hungry.” I said with a chuckle,
leaning back and drinking in the tranquility of the area. Even the
monsters seemed calmer around the water, and generally ignored
us as we watched them. “Shame us anthros have to deal with
cooking our food first, huh?”
“I’m sure even monsters would cook each other up if they
could.” Xavier mused. “The ones with fire alignments must eat like
royalty compared to the run-of-the-mill beast.”
“Jeez, even monsters can have elemental alignments...?”
“I don’t see why they couldn’t. They have Syk crystals just like
you or I do.” I flopped onto my back with a groan.
“Man, this Syk stuff is complicated. I liked it better when I was
strong enough to not have to worry about it.” Xavier shook his head
with a sigh.
“There is no level of strength where understanding of Syk
crystals isn’t important. Even Ren takes his Syk’s strengths and
weaknesses into account before every battle.”
“I doubt it’s really necessary when he can kill any monster of
any type in a single hit anyway.”
“Not every battle comes down to just might, Eren. Inevitably,
there will come a day where you need more than just raw strength
to overcome a challenge.” His tone had soured, and it was obvious
he was starting to get a little frustrated with my disregard to the
importance of all of this Syk stuff.
“Fine, fine, don’t pop a blood vessel...” I let out a soft sigh as I
stared up into the sky, the clouds casually blowing past above me
and casting wide shadows on the land below. I suppose I really do
need to start taking it into account.
The peace was shattered when Rip’s barks cut through the
tranquil expanse, far more ferocious than the cheerful barks I was
used to. Startled by the sudden change in his demeanor, I sat up
and looked over at him to make sure he wasn’t being attacked.
Thankfully, he wasn’t, though he stood tensed, shaking and tail
tucked as he bared his fangs and kept barking.
“Eren, move, now!” Xavier suddenly cried, and I only had
enough time to look behind me to see a massive plant that most
definitely was not there before, with a bud attached by a vine to its
side raised into the air. Unable to move my body in time, I could only
watch as it began to fall towards me at an alarming rate. A black
blur, however, shot in from the corner of my vision, gripping the vine
in its jaws. With a deep growl, Rip yanked on the vine with all of his
might, still quivering uncontrollably as the surprisingly sturdy plant
monster fought against him. In the moment of its distraction, I
scrambled up to my feet and drew my useless stick to the creature.
Nearly as tall as I was, the thing was a massive bud, clamped
shut around a bloom protruding from the top of its head. The bud
itself sat in another flower, underneath which its vine-like arms
protruded. With a forceful tug, Rip lived up to his full name of Rip-
and-Tear, separating the vine from the monster’s body, causing it to
shriek. Despite having no mouth, the noise was loud and clear, and
two slits towards the base of the bud with eyes planted in them
showed it was clearly in pain. Pasty goop leaked from the wound
and over one of its four leaf-like legs. Fighting through the pain, it
lifted a symmetrical arm on its opposite side, twisting itself with hasty
steps, and finished its swing this time, slamming the hefty bud down
on Rip, a yelp echoing out across the water.
Xavier arrived just a second too late, putting his full weight
against his shield and shoving the creature back, giving it a thorough
thrashing with his own nigh-ineffectual weapon. With another
enraged cry, the monster began to bounce around, shaking free
pollen from its upper flower, which Xavier leapt back to escape.
“I’m going to go out on a limb and assume that shit’s
poisonous, but how the hell are we supposed to hit it while it’s
surrounded by it all?” The panic in my voice was obvious, but Xavier
remained calm as he always does. Putting his shield arm across his
chest, he became swathed in a dim green light. After a moment, he
swung his arm out, and the rune around him finished, coalescing into
a massive sphere of air in front of him, before rushing forward like a
spear, blowing all of the poisonous dust away. Gripping my weapon
and preparing to mount a follow-up, I was stunned to watch a
massive hole tear open through the center of the bud, instantly
causing the whole creature to go limp and collapse to the ground.
Xavier seemed a bit surprised, his head flinching as the plant
thudded to the ground.
“Maybe... that was a bit too strong.” I let out a sigh and resheathed my unused weapon. Did I really even need to be here?
Behind me, pathetic whimpers caught my attention. I whirled
around, having momentarily forgotten the poor Rip in the battle, if it
can even be considered one. He was on his stomach, struggling to
move but failing. With wide eyes, I hurried over to him and gave him
a brief look over, but couldn’t see any wounds, at least externally. I
gently rubbed his head as I softly cooed, “Hey, don’t move, buddy.”
Xavier knelt down beside me, as Rip looked up at us with bright
eyes. Even wounded, he seemed happy we were alright. “Do you
think a healing spell would work?” I shrugged.
“I... I dunno. Kinen’s only ever gotten wounded once, and I
don’t know how he got healed back then.” I scratched my head,
frantically trying to figure out what to do. “Uh... Shit...”
“Well, there’s no need to panic.” Xavier stood back up with
confidence. “Masa and Mura don’t necessarily live in a city, so there
aren’t any vets or doctors around. I’m sure Mura has something to
heal him.” My ears perked up at his theory.
“Oh, good point! Alrighty, help me get him on my back.” I
turned, and Xavier lifted him awkwardly onto my back, draping his
forepaws over my shoulders. Being as big as he was, he was
definitely heavy, but I could manage. He rested his head on top of
mine, his neck propped between my horns, as I stumbled to my feet,
adjusting my balance to compensate for the extra weight. “Urgh...
Gods, he’s heavy...” Xavier laughed as he turned back towards the
woods.
“Consider it more training.” I groaned and stumbled awkwardly
after him, with Rip’s tail happily slapping against mine repeatedly;
though weakly. Xavier walked ahead of me but close by with his
weapon drawn, fending off any monster that dared approach
during our rescue mission. Taking a far more direct path this time with
few distractions, it only took about ten minutes to break through the
other side with the cabin before us. I let go a sigh of relief as we
neared, and Xavier rushed ahead once we were free from risk from
feral monsters behind us. Mura shortly met me with a surprisingly
calm look on her face.
“I’m really sorry, I-” She chuckled and shook a potion with a
graphic of a generic monster’s face on the side.
“Relax, this happens all the time. Rip didn’t get his name
because I was feeling particularly sadistic one day; he’s feisty. Bring
him over here.” I nodded, crouching down and allowing Mura to
gently pry him off my back and set him down in the grass, next to a
bowl she had brought out as well. “Gonna hafta get you some more
here soon, bud. Here, drink up.” She poured the thick, brown liquid
into the bowl, and it carried with it a mighty stench.
“Oh GODS!” I reeled, covering my nose and stepping away.
“Are you sure you’re not going to kill him with that?!”
“Naaah. It stinks like garbage but it’ll do the trick.” She slid the
bowl over to him, and he put his face in it and slopped the disgusting
mixture up hastily. After a moment, he popped eagerly up to his
feet, stretching his legs out and once again adopting the dopey
look on his face as he waggled his tail, staring up at Mura. “See? You
gotta be more careful, though, Rip. What happened, anyway?”
Xavier explained the brief conflict, and as he spoke, Mura’s
face progressively lit up more and more; by the time he finished, she
was beaming like a ray of sunshine down at Rip. “What a good
boy!!! I’m so proud of you!” He ruffed, and hopped up onto her,
licking her face happily. She once again assaulted him with multiple
arms of pets, promising him lots of treats for his bravery.
Xavier walked up to me as Mura squealed in response to some
playful nibbles from Rip. “Is... Kinen anything like that?” He asked
somewhat hesitantly. I scratched the back of my head.
“...He’s smaller.” Xavier quickly got what the lack of any other
differences listed meant, and gave his own head a scratch.
“Monster rearing seems absolutely exhausting.”
The next day, Masa had finished up with our new gear. The
baldric that wrapped around my torso to mount my sword with was
familiar enough as I adjusted its length. The new blade crafted for
me; a light, long curved sword measuring in at 5 feet even, had
already been mounted on it, and rested comfortably against my
back. The leather vests he provided fit neatly under our clothes, as
promised. Finishing the adjustments, I looked back up to see Xavier
bowed before Masa and Mura.
“I again cannot thank you both enough for the assistance you
have provided us.” He said in a gracious tone. “I swear I will do
everything I can to make up for your kindness once I am again
able.” Masa rolled his eyes with crossed arms.
“Lord Xavier, please, don’t give me that crap. You act like you
were some massive burden. Mura and I were happy to help.” Xavier
straightened his posture to respond further.
“I will be holding myself to that promise regardless.” He placed
his hand on a decently sized pouch attached to his belt, opposite his
sword, which was fastened neatly next to a kite shield hanging on a 
specially designed clip for him. A far cry from his normally golden
regular, but it’s not like Masa had such a valuable ore just lying
around. Nor do I think Xavier would even let the smith try to make
him something like that.
 “And… Before I go, are you certain it is okay for us to take
this?” Masa nodded again.
“Healing magic can only get you so far, so potions like that’ll
help. And the money’s just a… hmm. Let’s just call it an investment in
a better Surrandask.” He smiled. “Don’t sweat it.”
“Very well… Thank you again.” Xavier bowed once more,
before turning and starting down the path in front of Masa’s house. I
bowed my head in gratitude as well, before turning to follow him.
“You two be safe!” Masa called after us.
“Don’t go dyin’ on us! It’d be bad for business if they find my
dad’s stuff on your corpses!” Mura added, still cheerfully ignorant of
how terrifying she sounded. I put a thumb up behind me and
grinned over my shoulder, and Masa returned the smile and a hearty
chuckle, pretending he wasn’t holding Mura’s face closed, before
turning around and leading her inside. Now left solely to silence
beyond our footsteps and the ambient sounds of nature, I took in the
scenery around us.
In front of their house was a broad, uneven plain colored a
vibrant green, with a light brown dirt path stomped out over years
leading through it. The breeze along the trail was cool; being this
high up, even walking under the direct summer sun was quite
bearable. The long grass that painted the rolling landscape danced
as the breezes passed, like long shadows dashing back and forth just
out of sight. Monsters seemed to thoughtlessly meander around
through the grass, though I’m sure there was some meaning behind
their actions only they held. Generally, they’d stay off the dirt path
cut through the middle of the fields of dancing greenery, but if one
wandered too close, it’d take our presence as a threat and attack.
Like Masa had mentioned, though, the monsters in the area were
pretty weak, and the battles with them would never last longer than
a minute or two.
And you know what? I’ll be damned if some of them didn’t
actually have some Irin on them when they dropped dead. I was 
completely baffled by the concept, but basically free money to go
with my battle experience is not something I was in any place to
complain about. By the time we had finished the walk to the
clearing right before the entrance to Genney Passage, combined
with the 2000 Masa had given us, we had over 3500 Irin. I honestly
had no idea killing monsters could be so lucrative… I usually only
worried about the contract payout.
As Xavier and I walked, we had been casually chatting about
all sorts of things to just pass the time. He spoke awkwardly, though; a
weird mix of casual and professional, like he had no idea how to
properly speak to friends. Being royalty must be rough on a person’s
social skills.
Through our talks, I learned how he and Masa knew each other
so well. Hired on as the royal blacksmith by Xavier’s grandfather,
Nero Dewanachi II, Masa had made a name for himself the world
over with his unprecedented talent at the forge; his creations going
on to win many battles during the war with the northern country of
Acitrania. He maintained his position as a smith for the Dewanachi
family until he and Xavier’s father had some... differences, at which
point he left and moved out here, to Tranint. Xavier’s face was
pained and his tail awkwardly rigid as he provided me with the
extremely nonspecific word “differences,” adamantly refusing to
clarify further. Considering the nature of Tenu’s rule, I didn’t feel it
necessary to pry; I could take a wild guess and probably hit the
mark.
After about an hour had passed, just as Masa had said, we
came to a clearing with several trees surrounding it and one smack
dab in the middle. On the far side was a darkened entrance to a
cave, barely illuminated by distant specks of dull blue. Our
conversations were cut short as we neared the entrance to the
passage, though, as Xavier suddenly and without warning jolted and
leapt in front of me.
“Look out!” He shouted as he mounted his shield on his arm in a
single, fluid motion, and then swung his protected appendage
broadly; eliciting the unmistakable CLANG of metal slamming
against metal. From behind him, I watched a pointed knife with a
small flag attached to it spin wildly into the distance, before violently 




Nobody was extremely phased at the incidents at the Parson’s Insane Asylum, other than the fact that it was now completely devoid of life and possibly alien artifacts. Jack Cabot had somewhat moved on from Lorenzo’s death, and replaced him with the little stray mercenary that Deegan found in Bunker Hill, Jax. The wastelander was settling in nicely, occasionally stopping in to sleep away the dangers of Boston, grab a few bites to eat and restock. Deegan had recovered from his gunshot wounds and everything was more or less back to normal.
Well, almost normal. Edward was accustomed to regular “sessions” with his boss, pinning the small scientist against the bed or the wall late at night, trying his hardest to be gentle with the fragile little thing. Of course, a ghoul of his size definitely caused some...discomfort, but Jack generally enjoyed it. It released a little pent up anger, just enough to drive the ghoul through the day without brutally slaughtering innocent humans. But recently, Jack had been ignoring his guard, working feverishly to decrypt Lorenzo’s artifact and simultaneously dealing with his father’s death, which was ultimately in his hands. Edward’s advances were brushed away, and to cope, he set out into the wasteland, crippling the back legs of wasteland creatures then violently killing them with his bayonet.

One fine night, a radstag in his sights collapsed with a silenced shot adjacent to his position. In surprise, he whipped around, no normal wastelander in their right minds would be out this late so far south. Deegan was safe from the ferals, he couldn’t exactly say the same for your average wandering human.
Edward stepped towards the stag, rifle held high and ready to strike at what was probably a hungry Raider. A trembling, small figure stood in the shadows, a long, compensated sniper barrel jutting out from between blasted trees. Deegan squinted. A raider probably would’ve attacked by now.
“...Hello?” The human fell straight back into the ferns with a gasp, the gun hitting the ground with a thud before they scrambled to their feet, turning their pip-boy light on with a terrified shake, a backup pocket knife unsheathed. Deegan flinched at the sudden green light, but was relieved to see a familiar face. A small, effeminate man, barely half Deegan’s size, with scruffy black hair swept over his face, large black rimmed-glasses and dark, bloodied skin.
“Jackson?”
“D-Deegan?! Oh, thank god. I thought you were a f-feral.” Jax stopped trembling, wiping sweat off his forehead, relaxing his shoulders and sheathing the knife. Deegan raised a brow.
“What are you doing all the way out here?”
“I had a...uh, ‘ job’ in the n-nearby factory...and I was heading home. I got a, uh, a little hungry.” Jax gestured towards the dead stag. It was a good a reason as any.
“Well, fine. It’s late though, and you know what things come out at night. I advise going home, quickly.” Jax gave a half-confident smirk.
“What? Y-You don’t think I can handle myself?” Deegan raised his brow again. Jax had proven himself, many, many times, but this recurring attitude pushed Deegan to inquire something. He folded his arms. The irritable little creature reminded him of Jack, a younger, hardy, dirtier Jack. They had the same black hair, though Cabot’s was combed fashionably, same black glasses and same smooth skin, although Jack was much whiter. They both had an innocent, boyish charm, and had a similar build, but Jax probably could handle himself much better than the fragile little scientist...
And Deegan needed a vice.
“As a matter of fact, I don’t. Stingwings, Deathclaws and Radscorpions rule these parts. If you want to prove yourself, I have another job for you. Hundred caps.” Jax stuttered and chuckled.
“What’s the job?” Deegan’s rough lips curled into a smirk.
“Oh, I have something in mind.”

“Get on your knees.”
“W...W-What?”
“On your knees. Now.” Jax’s heart stopped. They were in Deegan’s quarters, where the ghoul said he had some “special equipment” essential to the job at hand. He did in fact have a Fat Man and a Missile Launcher...which Jax barely hesitated to grab before Edward grabbed him. Deegan towered over the small, trembling human, his red eyes cold and demanding. The ghoul harshly snatched the hair on the back of Jax’s nape and yanked him close to his armored chest. The human folded his legs, eyes wide, whimpering quietly. Deegan leaned in very close, his teeth gritted at his ear.
“I gave you an order. I won’t say it again. Get. On. Your. Knees.” Jax practically crashed to the floor, shaking in fear and confused arousal. The ghoul snickered darkly and kept his grip on Jax’s hair, pulling his face into his inner thigh, inches away from a hard-on in process.
“You want your caps? Then you’ll let me out.” Jax’s hands scrambled up Deegan’s legs, anxiously and haphazardly making their way to his zipper. His hands palmed at the ghoul’s crotch and and nimble fingers pulled the zipper down. Jax took a huge breath and spread Edward’s boxers, yelping when his thick, partially cut length sprung out. He shrunk under the sight, eyes open in awe.
“O-oh m-my god…” Deegan smirked and fisted the hair on his nape again, pulling him close, using his other hand to slap his length against Jax’s cheek.
“C’mon. Open that pretty little mouth of yours.” The human opened his trembling lips and turned himself towards Deegan’s throbbing head. He lifted his hands and grabbed the ghoul’s base and pumped gently, breathing very heavily. Edward swiftly shoved his head into Jax’s gaping mouth, sliding himself down quickly. Jax’s eyes shot open, and he gagged and coughed, cringing as Deegan hit the back of his throat. The ghoul smirked and pet the human’s black hair gently, starting to thrust. Jax reached up and fondled Edward’s sack with one hand, keeping still as he fucked his throat. Deegan gripped his hair and started to go a bit faster, impressed by the small wastelander’s endurance.
“You’re doin’ pretty good, Jax. You done this before?” He averted his gaze in embarrassment. Deegan smirked and rolled his hips, watching his dick bulge in his throat. Jax’s legs shook in arousal. He had definitely eyed Deegan before...But he never imagined his cock down his throat to feel so good. After a few more seconds of thrusting, Deegan yanked Jax off his dick by his hair onto his feet. Jax gasped and coughed, gasping for air, face red. He pushed him to the wall and harshly bit his neck, palming his crotch, one hand at his neck.
“Hah-D-Deegan…” The ghoul snickered, sucking on the poor boy’s nape, watching him squirm.
“You want me?” Jax mumbled, his eyes squeezed shut.
“Nn...m-mm...a..m-maybe…”
“Heheh...Do you want me badly?” Edward reached around and started to unzip Jax’s vault suit, rubbing his shoulders as he whimpered and resisted thrusting his hips.
“...Y-yes...I do…”
“Tell me how badly.” Jax gritted his teeth, almost unable to handle Deegan pinning him and slowly, agonizingly stripped him.
“D-Deegan...please...I need you...I w-want you inside me…” His face flushed red almost drunkenly. Edward snickered and rubbed his rough and calloused hands against Jax’s crotch. He had him under his complete mercy. He wasn’t sure to keep teasing the poor boy or take him then and there.
Well, he had certainly earned it.
Deegan stroked himself and palmed Jack gently, feeling for a bulge. The human turned his head and bit his lip.
“Y-you may...u-uh..be surprised at what you see…” Edward raised a brow and hesitated for a second, but then rubbed his crotch.
“I don’t care. You’ve earned this and I’m not stopping.” He pulled the rest of Jax’s jumpsuit to his knees, his eyes gazing over his scarred body and plain grey briefs.
“Let’s see what you have in here.” He hooked his fingers over the briefs and slowly pulled down. Jax was breathing heavily, trembling. The briefs revealed not a cock, but a soaking slit with an enlarged and erect clit. Deegan licked his lips and dragged Jax to his cot and pinned him down, his hips between the boy’s thighs. He shivered under the ghoul, wrapping his legs around him and throwing his arms over Edward’s thick, ridged shoulders. He smirked and let his hands wander over Jax’s dripping slit. Deegan dragged his thumb over the perky clit and swirled it around, listening to his tiny squeals and gasps.
“You’re so wet. Your sweet body is begging me to take you.”
“Ohh D-Deegan…”
“Shh, quiet baby. I’m gonna make you see stars.” He grabbed his shaft and slowly pushed his tip into Jax, who arched back and moaned deeply, relaxing a little and clawing at the ghoul’s back. Deegan growled in approval, sliding his entire length inside him, balls deep. Jax panted, watching Edward push inside him.
“Shit...you’re so thick…” The ghoul smirked, pulling back and pushing in, letting Jax adjust before he intended to plow him.
“I know.” Edward roughly pulled the human’s legs over his shoulders and his hands gripping his hips hard enough to leave bruises. Jax took a deep breath.
“Take me.” He gasped as Deegan slammed his entire weight into him, clutching his hips hard. He started to pound Jax, who gasped with each thrust, whimpering and shivering, digging his nails into Edward’s shoulders hard. The ghoul smirked and kissed Jax deeply, his tongue invading his mouth and tasting every corner of his mouth.
“Mhmm...you feel so good…” He groaned into the kiss and slapped his thigh. Jax jolted and moaned, kissing back aggressively.
“F-fuck...Deeper…” Jax rolled his head back, drooling and panting as Deegan obliged, slamming into him with brutal force.
“G-ah!! Shit!!” Jax cried out and rolled his hips, staring into Deegan’s seductive red eyes. The ghoul licked the human’s neck slowly. He kissed up his jawbone and slid his tongue in his ear. Jax shuddered and leaned against him, eyes half-closed in a sort of drunk pleasure. He groaned, feeling the ghoul’s hot breath on his ear.
“You feel good, Jax?” He whispered and nipped Jax’s lobe.
“Nnhh...y-yes…”
“Want me to go harder?”
“Y-yes...p-please…hah...”
Deegan slowed his his pace but thrusted his hips more sharply, angling right into Jax’s sweet spot. The ghoul kept his face near the human’s ears, whispering harshly about how the boy felt around him, and articulating with neck bites. Jax almost screamed with each thrust, eyes rolled back and body trembling.
“E-Edward...I’m close…” Deegan smirked and slapped his ass and pounded hard, getting close himself.
Jax failed to muffled his voice as he came, tightening and digging his nails into Deegan, arching back into the cot. The ghoul gritted his teeth, unable to control himself as Jax tightened around him. With a grunt and a long sigh, he came, clutching the small human’s hips hard. He could never be this rough with Jack, and was completely drained.
“I...I think you’ve earned your hundred caps.”






“Are you sure you wanna do this, sunshine?”
“A-Absolutely. I-I mean, I have questions...about, t-the, uh, um, ‘deed’ at hand. As long as it’s safe, is what I mean to say.” Hancock gave a gentle smile.
“No harm will come to ya’, I promise. I just, me bein’ a ghoul and all...are you sure you wanna see this the entire time?” He gestured up to his face inquiringly. Jax rubbed the back of his head with a smile and a blush.
“O-of course I do. I love you and, y-ya know, you’re still attractive and all...” Hancock swept Jax’s soft black hair from his face with a grin and a laugh.
“Oh c’mon sunshine. Don’t lie to me.”
“I’m not lying!! You’re just...you’re not u-ugly!” Jax frowned angrily. He couldn’t ever bring himself to admit how much he loved Hancock’s face, well, any ghoul’s really. It was almost surreal, how could a human ever love a ghoul, ever find them attractive? Jax had no idea, but to him, the ghoul before him was undeniably sexy.
Hancock leaned forward and kissed his forehead.
“I’m just messing with ya’. Besides, you’re cute when you’re mad.” Jax sighed and hugged the ghoul’s waist, laying his head against his shoulders. Hancock smiled warmly and ran his bony fingers through Jax’s hair.
“C’mon. Let’s go home.”

They were on the docks of Spectacle Island under a dark night, the Prydwen was barely visible over the horizon. Jax took Hancock’s hands and walked along the shore towards a small house that they had built in the center of the island. Spectacle Island was the perfect place, they both reminisced how months before, on the very spot, over a heap of dead Mirelurks, recovering from a high on psycho, they confessed their love for each other. Magical.
“Gorgeous night. Almost hate to ruin it by looking at something even more beautiful.” Jax’s face flushed red.
“Sh-shut up.” They opened the door to the cabin, and both their hearts thudded in their chests. The bed was clean and made in the middle of the room. Jax’s knees trembled as he closed the door behind them. Hancock had a more confident approach, strutting into the room with his hands on his hips, inside however, he was a wreck. He begged to himself that Jax wouldn’t jump at the sight of his naked body, disregarding how many times Jax has hinted at how much he loved Hancock’s self proclaimed “ugly mug.”
“So...you have any questions sunshine?” The ghoul turned on his heels and gently pulled Jax towards him by the shoulders. Jax thought for a minute before shaking his head.
“N-No. I’m, um...I’m alright.” Hancock smiled, leaned down and pressed his lips against Jax’s, who relaxed and closed his eyes.
“We’ll go nice and slow.” Jax shuddered, opening his lips, which Hancock seized, sliding his tongue inside. The human slid his arms around the taller ghoul’s shoulders, pulling them closer together. They had kissed before, but the environment and the anticipation heightened their excitement.
The ghoul’s hands slid down Jax’s feminine hips and back up to his shoulders, grabbing the vault suit’s zipper and very slowly tugging it down. He shuddered and tightened his grip on Hancock’s shoulders.
“J-just so you’re not surprised...I-I’ve told you that I’m not...exactly...um, well, I mean, I...oh christ, I’ve told you that I’m t-tran...I don’t have a d-di...right?” The very mention sent shivers up his own spine. His being transgender was a terror of his up until he told Hancock, who simply said, “It doesn’t matter sunshine. I love you just the way you are.”

“Mm...yes you have. Don’t worry about it.” Hancock’s hands slid down Jax’s spine, unraveling the vault suit with it. The human shivered and reached down to unbutton the ghoul’s frock coat with shaky hands. Hancock smirked and let the vault suit fall off Jax’s shoulders, who was quick to discard it, now only in his boxers, looking down with a race red as a tato. Hancock stood and let his eyes glaze over the naked lover in front of him. Jax’s body was scarred, the most noticeable were surgical scars from breast removal running along his chest.
“You’re gorgeous.“ Hancock breathed, his heart about to explode out of his chest. He had never loved anybody this much.
“T-thank you…” Jax shook, in arousal, nervousness, and the cold. Hancock stepped forward and, equally as nervous, slid the coat off his shoulders and unbuttoned his slacks, letting them fall to the floor. Jax smiled gently, glancing at the ghoul’s ridged and textured chest and staring him in those murky eyes.
“You’re g-gorgeous too.” Hancock looked both surprised and terrified.
“You’re just sayin’ that. We can dim the lights…I know you don’t wanna see this body...”
“No.” With a rush of confidence, Jax stepped forward and pulled the ghoul into a deep kiss, hands on his naked ribs, brushing his hands over the bony skin with interest and arousal. Hancock groaned into the kiss, gripping Jax’s waist and stumbling back on purpose, landing them both in the bed with a bounce.
“I-I love you Hancock. Seeing the real you...your body...m-makes it even better.”
“Oh sunshine…” The ghoul pulled them closer together, rolling over so Hancock was on top, his bony hands resting by his lover’s shoulders. He watched Jax, already a sweating mess, before leaning down and burying his face in his neck, planting teasing little kisses under his jawbone. Jax shut his legs and curled his toes as Hancock gave a gentle bite, then proceeded to nip at his ear. The sensation of the ghoul next to him, teasing him bit by bit, sent shivers up his spine. This was finally happening, and it couldn’t go any slower.
“H...Hancock…”
“You’re really cute like this.” The ghoul snickered and licked Jax’s ear slowly, who let out a soft squeal and clawed at his back.
“Sh-shut up...nn…” Jax arched back, shuddering under Hancock’s body. He chuckled and slid down again, licking the length of his jaw bone and nibbling on the base of his neck, sucking on the spot until a nice, dark hickey formed.
Gradually, Hancock slithered down, leaving both small, gentle kisses and an aggressive hickey down Jax’s collarbone. He stopped to marvel at his work, licking the bruise gently, then continuing farther down. It took all of Jax’s power not to jump the ghoul, push him down and ride him right there.
Hancock kept venturing downward, trailing the scar on Jax’s chest with a single finger, kissing a nipple and biting on it lightly.
“Mmn!!” He inhaled sharply, and the ghoul snickered, showering his chest with sloppy kisses. He continued to move down until he reached the nethers.
Jax took a deep breath and the ghoul yanked Jax’s boxers down, revealing his dripping, wet sex. He clasped a hand over his mouth and watched anxiously as Hancock stared at it hungrily.
“H-Hancock stop staring!” The ghoul looked up at him and smirked seductively.
“It’s just a very nice view, sunshine.” He lowered himself down and kissed Jax’s clit, who immediately twitched and involuntarily wrapped his legs around Hancock’s head. The ghoul dragged his tongue down the labia slowly and tenderly, snickering as Jax let out a long, strangled moan. Hancock’s tongue was long, hot and damp, to his great enjoyment. He shivered and shook when the ghoul started to lap at his folds.
“Fuck...f-fuck!” Hancock smirked, his own cheeks reddening. Jax tasted more delicious than any girl he had ever been with, and his small whimpers and moans started to make him grow and his boxers tighten. He slipped them down, letting his well endowed length fall out. He grabbed his shaft tightly, stroking himself under Jax’s trembling legs with a low growl.
Jax whimpered and whined, trying desperately to control himself as Hancock slid his tongue inside the opening, his rough lips tickling the folds.
“Unhh...Hancock...M-More…” Hancock licked his lips and obliged, pressing his face against the wet mound, sucking and slobbering all over, stroking himself more vigorously.
“Holy shit!! AH!!! W-wait!! Han-c-cock!! I c-can’t t-take~!!” Jax screamed in pleasure, and panted when Hancock pulled away, licking the juices off his face with a dark smirk. The ghoul’s tongue was magical alright, but Jax needed him.
“What’s wrong sunshine?” Jax caught his breath and held Hancock’s head, staring him straight in those dark, murky eyes.
“I n-need you. Inside...I-inside of me. Now.” The ghoul snickered devilishly, lifting himself on top of Jax once again, but this time, his length dangling impressively between his legs. Jax felt his heart race. Hancock was long, thick, cut, veins and ridges wavering down the length.
“C-Christ. W-will that fit?“ The ghoul smirked.
“It will. Don’t worry sunshine. Now, relax and spread your legs.” Jax tried to relax, but he was so, so excited. His legs flopped open, a large smile on his face, his sex dripping and ready. Hancock positioned himself, sliding his hips between, smiling lovingly down at him.
“You ready, baby?” Jax took a deep inhale and nodded.
“G-Go for it.”

Hancock grabbed his length and pushed his tip into Jax’s aching slit, a deep groan coming from his throat. Jax twitched and moaned, huffing as the ghoul sunk into him.
“Shit...A-ahh...Hancock…”
“Mmm...you’re so warm, sunshine.” He ground his hips deeper until his entire length was engulfed in Jax, who tightened and whimpered. Hancock was so deep, and his ridged and textured skin felt absolutely wonderful inside him. The ghoul slowly started to roll his hips, staring his lover straight in the eyes. Hancock leaned closer, kissing Jax gently on the lips, his murky eyes piercing Jax’s solid, bright green ones.
“Hancock...y-you can go faster…”
“I don’t want to hurt you, baby.” Hancock looked up and down Jax’s naked body hungrily, biting his lip and savoring the view, licking Jax’s trembling lips. His lover groaned and panted, opening his mouth. Hancock slid his tongue inside and aggressively kissed him, their tongues swirling around each other, savoring and exploring. The ghoul shuddered, losing himself a little, thrusting faster. Jax’s warmth, his taste, his whimpers, they were all driving him insane. He pulled away, a trail of drool hanging from their tongues, before Hancock growled lowly and gnawed at his neck, the teeth dragging over the smooth white skin.
“I love you so much…”
“I...hah...love you too.” Jax rolled his hips, moaning loudly and deeply. Hancock’s intricate ridges brushed his sweet spot with each thrust.
“Harder...please…” Hancock groaned and obliged, shoving himself in Jax’s slit harder and more abruptly, moving his hips expertly and sharply.
“Unh...hah...ah...ahn…” Jax gasped sharply, groping at the ghoul’s tough shoulders while his neck was licked and bitten. He rolled on Hancock, wanting so badly for his tip to hit his sweet spot straight on...The ghoul knew very, very well. Bringing pleasure to Jax and listening to his throaty moans drove him to thrust right into the sweet spot. Jax threw his head back, mouth gaping open.
“OH FUCK!! R-RIGHT THERE!!!” Hancock snickered darkly and angled himself, pushing himself into Jax’s aching spot head on, hard and fast. Jax let out a stream of curses and moans and cries, only shutting himself up when Hancock french kissed him aggressively and lovingly. He lifted Jax’s legs over his shoulders and managed to press even deeper, slamming into his sweet spot hard. Jax was submerged in ecstasy, shuddering violently. Hancock’s feelings were mutual as he slammed into his lover repeatedly, his warm, wet body drowning him in pleasure.
“Ah...H-Hancock...I-I’m gonna…c...” Hancock smirked and slid his tongue into Jax’s ear, cutting him short. The human whimpered meekly under the panting ghoul.
“Me too baby...mm…” Sweat slid down their bodies as they both neared closer to the edge, Jax, much more vocal about it.
“Fuck! HANCOCK!!” Hancock thrusted with the last of his power, drilling into Jax, who screamed and came harder than he ever had, his body quaking and his juices squirting onto the bedsheets. His singing drove Hancock over the line, and he released with a throaty, primal groan, squeezing his eyes shut and grinding his teeth together. The irradiated ghoul cum shot straight into Jax, who emitted a low groan and breathed in absolute exhaustion. Hancock practically flopped onto him, his head falling over the small human’s shoulders.
“Holy sh-it. I...I-I dunno if I’ve ever c-came that hard...hah...in my life…” The ghoul smirked triumphantly, kissing Jax’s cheek sweetly.
“Well that makes me...hmmph...very glad...sunshine…It was fantastic for me too.” Jax hugged Hancock’s shoulders and rubbed them, closing his eyes. He grunted a little as he pulled out of him and felt his cum seeping out in waves.
“Haa...fuck...I l-love you…”
“I love you too sunshine.” Jax pulled him in for a final, messy kiss. They both drifted off to sleep, blissfully ignoring the chaos outside.








Hello everyone! I wanted to break the monotony and add my own sort of thoughts and notes before each chapter from now on, let me know if you like then and if I should keep at it. Anyway, I decided to tackle the harsh reality of the Wasteland this time around, some sick and disturbed individuals in this one. Also do tell me if you readers would like a short summary, no spoilers of course before the chapters for now on, other than that, enjoy!


I clicked away at the terminal, my mind was focused on but one thing at this point, Sophia, was all I could think of right now. She is all I think about many times a day actually, I often wonder if I could have saved her, oftentimes blaming myself. It should have been me! It should have, this Wasteland didn't deserve her...I didn't deserve her. I was weak and inexperienced to see the reality of the Wasteland even then, people died for that weakness, I didn't want to be weak anymore, I don't even know if Sophia would recognize me anymore. I am much different than I was back then. I wanted to tell Myles I was sorry for my story, for what I did all of it. Wiping out an entire settlement of Raiders and Wastelanders alike is just..monstrous and I know that, but there was no hope for them, any of them. death was a release for their torment and suffering.


The room fell silent, Myles sat in his chair still awaiting for me to open the terminal, he looked like he wanted to say something but probably decided it best to leave me to my thoughts. For a Munition plant this terminal was heavily locked down, almost as if there is much more to this place than meets the eye. It's far too common for these pre-war structures and corporations to be hiding some deep, dark nefarious secret, makes me wonder if the bombs dropping didn't change the world but just opened the doors to make this evil more prominent.


The sun peeking through the crumbling cracks of this broken building started to fade, the sun was falling. Traveling at night is typically better, less people traveling during this time, more creatures wandering. I much prefer to run into a herd of wild dogs than a group of reckless raiders. People are always the worst, it doesn't matter how much these animals mutated and changed, it's humanity that set this world on fire, and most of these wasteland creatures weren't created and changed till after the bombs fell, deathclaws however were created before the bombs fell. Some kind experiment to make us a sort of substitute for frontline soldiers, it wasn't till after the world was set ablaze that the Enclave began to inject Deathclaws with F.E.V and gave us intelligence, I very well could have been just another mindless brute among my species.


The terminal was surprisingly secure, I tried all the usual pompous, corporate slang and slader for the typical workers, clearly those who have work and keep the company alive are not as important as the fat, unappreciative CEO.


"I..can't seem to crack this, it's almost as if it doesn't have a password and it's all a ploy."


Myles pondered for a moment before standing up from the nearly crumbling chair "Let me take a look"


We swapped places and I took a test to sit on the chair lightly before applying all my weight. I moved it directly in front of the desk and left enough room to cross my legs and watched Myles as he clicked away at those keys.


"Isn't that uncomfortable? I never liked crossing my legs personally."


I shook my head "Not at all and there isn't enough room for me to stretch them out, I have to make due with what little space I have, too bad they don't make Deathclaw size chairs huh?"


He gave a laugh "If only, next all we need are deathclaw size meals, clothes and beds next."


"Clothes are not so much a necessity, unless I wanted to go hiding among people, I have a robe for that after all."


He continued to type away at the computer "I understand it don't get me wrong here, but I know some people who might think you are lacking modesty, honestly I think it would be strange you walking around in pants for example."


"Definitely shouldn't apply human values to me, just because I can talk and to tell you the truth, I don't like the idea of pants, it would be unnatural. Back in the vault we had some uniform but that was usually consistent with something over the shoulder or a wristband.


As you know we are reptiles we don't have to worry about covering up for modesty sake, I think people are just perverts and that is why it bothers them so much, Or apply normal human values to a non human being and it's a bit, just a bit annoying."


Myles held his mouth trying not to burst out laughing "You know, that makes a lot of sense, you obviously aren't exposing yourself to the world like I would understand people then but like you can't see anything! It might as well be considered the same skin and hide that is on your arm, see we took basic anatomy lessons in the Brotherhood as you know, maybe that's why no one has said anything? Also I can't get this damn thing, I'll let you try again."


We swapped places once more and got ourselves situated once more "Well thank you for understanding, and if you were wondering, no I don't feel exposed in that sense at all, it's not a worry of mine, scales make a great cover up for anything. But enough of that for now, give me that Holotape you found maybe that will answer our questions with this Terminal."


Myles took the Holotape out of his pocket before me, set it down on the desk, I placed it into the terminal and the screen went black completely before booting back up. We looked at each other with disappointment and wondered what could possibly happen.


Then we were in and the top of the screen read the following.


Password accepted, welcome Coronal Glavin, if you aren't the Coronal report to him immediately, tell him how you got here and accept your punishments.


"Colonel Glavin? This is a Munition Factory not a damn military base, any idea who this would be Myles?"


He gestured for me to move over and browsed through the terminal, he looked through multiple files and came back with nothing.


"Clearly this isn't a genuine Munition Factory, I don't recognize any of these names and I'm leaning to believe this is pre-war?"


I stood up and went behind him so he wouldn't have to move over again, I leaned behind him and took control of the keys before finding an auto tape within the Holotape. There was one file under this section and decided might as well see what was on it.


"To whoever finds this tape *deep wheezing* This is my last message, My name is Daniel and this is my last chance to stop them. I don't have time to go over everything, tortured me and leave me to bleed out in this fake place surrounded by Mutants they made...we made. My time is over and done but they didn't find this tape, I hope they don't find this tape. Anyone please for the sake of the Wasteland and everyone in it you NEED to, HAVE TO…*Long pause followed by an unsettling groan of pain* to..stop them, the Enclave is using this Munition Plant as a cover up, they are making Super Mutants here, kidnapping wastelanders, going to settlements and getting a body count and building an army to wipe out everything and start this hellscape anew. I helped them...I killed people for them, made Mutants for them and they decided I wasn't needed anymore. They are going to take over this place, this entire nation, they will have the numbers to take the Brotherhood and then all will be lost….. whoever you are take this to the Brotherhood don't let my loss be the end..and please if you ever find someone named Blair and Jack in Revit City, they are my wife and boy tell them I am so….*faintest sound of crying and rustling*...so sorry and I love them very much, I threw them away to save them and now...now I don't even know if they are okay...I am going to die here, there is a secret tab in the terminal upstairs, it's under "congressional files" 6th option it opens a hidden elevator next to the ammo pressers, go down there and dump the vats of F.E.V end their evil here and maybe, just maybe it will set them back enough to….*Deep sigh with a crashing thud, CLICK*


We both nearly said in unison "Holy shit!" We both just stared at the black green screen for a moment before I took the keys and navigated to the "Congressional Files" section. Myles paused for a moment before reaching for my arm and attempting to pull me back


"John what the hell are you doing?! We need to get the fuck out of here and tell Maxson immediately! This is too much for us both to handle and god only knows what can be down there! We need to leave."


I snorted before pulling my arm back out of his grasp "Myles, did you not hear they are making Mutants with a vat of F.E.V did you hear that fucking F.E.V! I cannot leave this place without trying to stop this, I'm done walking away from threats, Maxson won't do a damn thing especially given here according to his scribes they looked through everything here, I am taking my scaly ass down there with or without you so make your mind up."


I navigated the action down to the 6th option and pressed it, much to my own surprise I head something shift below us and saw through the upper window right by the ammo press, just like he said


It was a massive metal door that was ingrained into the wall, a perfect indent so you wouldn't ever know it was here, smooth and secret a perfect set up for an evil corporation.


I didn't take a slight second of hesitation as I charged down the ramp, my talons clanging against the metal walkway as Myles struggled to keep up with me. I got right by the hidden entrance and stopped, a chill went down my spine, something was aggressively telling me to turn back now, I peeked through the doorway and saw a brightly lit metal hallway with a see through sliding door at the end opening into a large open space that went down, a flight of steps, no turrets and no patrol, what if this place was abandoned?


"John what is the hold up?" Myles asked resting on the other side of the wall adjacent to me. All I did was hold a hand up with only my index claw and placed it against my mouth, I'm glad he gave me a nod and understood I was listening for anything.


I paused for what felt like an eternity, it was silent..too silent. I decided to take a chance and quickly turned into the hallway, gently bending myself down to fit through the doorway and trotted down the hallway, Myles behind me keeping his eyes peeled ready for anything. The glass door was stuck, or locked, probably both so I stuck a claw through it and forced it open, this was surprisingly without any sort of alarm or struggle.


I turned my head to my right to see Myles trailing behind me, enough distance incase of an attack so I can fall back if needed, as well as him being able to cover our rear. We reached the bottom of the flight of steps and ending in an underground facility, there were two massive green vats of green bubbling fluid l,what I can only was in fact F.E.V, it had cranes and other used to pick objects and I could only imagine people to dip them in these vats, so it was true.


The stairs led to a catwalk right above these vats, there was an upper level with a straight path to another room connected to the catwalk and below in between the two vats of F.E.V it was a bottom floor with glowing green water, it was about ankle high to me.


I backed up the steps and addressed Myles "We should find the control for these vats and dump them and get out, the rad count here must be insane for you so let's be quick, efficient and get the hell out."


Myles gave me a nod "If the rads get too bad I will let you know, don't you worry and yeah don't fall in the vat I know."


We both reached the bottom of the steps into the catwalk. It was then the upper door had opened, two soldiers in X-01 power armor bearing the Enclave symbol on their shoulder came out, they held Gatling Lasers and looked intimidating as all hell. They also saw us, I heard the powering up of their Lasers and panicked, but I still managed to swipe up Myles and charge ourselves back up the steps.


He didn't even protest, and I set him down at the end of the hall by the hidden down and had him go first, he went through and I heard clanging behind me, I turned around and saw them both, guns at the ready and aimed at me, I spread my arms to my sides, raised up ready in my own respects to tear through their power armor, but it was all a ploy and I jumped back and ended back at the other side of the door and pushed the nearest cabinet to block the entrance.


"Myles go outside and find a place to hide or leave, I'll hold them off and we need to get that Holotape!" I held the shelf and braced myself against it.


"John, no, no! I am not leaving here, especially not with the fucking Enclave! We both leave here alive or neither of us do now come on!"


I turned to him and gave him a faint smile "All the more reason you need to get out of here yourself, you have a life, you have a future. For all we know there are more than those two on the way and the more we argue the more we both will die, don't worry I will take as many as I can, go back to the Brotherhood and live yourself a full life."


He gave an angry groan before taking out the Holotape and hid it within the machinery of the ammo presser before joining me and holding the shelf against the wall. "Oh no you don't you bastard, you don't get to just sacrifice yourself for me, not here and not now. I would never forgive myself if I left you here, cut that future bullshit, if you don't get out of here neither of us have a future now,let's kick these Enclave ass!"


We held the wall and the pounding got more and more aggressive before the wall burst open, the shelf went flying with Myles and I got knocked down on my back. I struggled to get back up, I was pinned by a massive suit of armor, they grabbed around my neck and hoisted me up from the ground, till I was completely off the ground, my tail wasn't even touching the floor anymore either. They held me high enough to where they had to look up at me.


I could see the soldiers took Myles and shocked him with a baton so much that he passed had out and they carried him back to the secret door, I tried to swipe at the one holding me, let myself free but I couldn't..I couldn't reach him or get enough leverage to slash his arm from my throat.


He just laughed, a deep rumbling robotic laughing "Pathetic, you are supposed to be the most dangerous creature of the Wasteland"


Emphasis on his saying of "Wasteland" as he slammed me into the ground with such force the concrete floor cracked below me,I think I felt my entire being crumble, but I had the fight for us both! He turned around with his hands on his hips and did a half spin, turning his back to me as I quickly stood up, I felt everything crack and my right leg was hard to stand on, a leading limb I rose back against, ready to fight once more. He cracked his knuckles from within his armor and turned back around before ramming into me, I jumped out of the way and landed hard on my right leg causing me to hiss in pain, it wasn't broken but it was pretty damn close.


I ignored the pain and gave him a wide upwards swipe before he jumped back and taunted me "Too slow." This bastard was toying with me, I was breathing heavily out of rage, he was really getting to me, that's what he wants to do! Time is wasting, Myles is in trouble. I have to kill this fucker and fast.


I went to charge at him before stopping mid charge and circled around back, I ended up at his side which he was ready for and pushed an arm out and clonked me right in the face, and then bashed me across the chest pushing me back into the floor.


He stood above me and placed a foot upon my chest before picking me back up and slammed me against the brick wall of factory, and then again and again, I can't get him to let me go, he beat me against the wall repeatedly before grabbing me by the horns with his other hand and slammed my head against the wall multiple times till I saw red, everything went blurry as he dropped me like a useless sack the pain was writhing though every fiber of my being, he finally used his knee against my skull, sealing the deal and knocking me unconscious, a broken bloody mess.


"What about the man?"


"Easy we will just dip his ass and make him another mindless Mutant."


"The deathclaw Coronal? Your plan with him?"


"Going to see if he's a long lost friend, not many albinos these days and those eyes were familiar"


"What if he isn't?"


"Then we dip him and see what happens fucking mental retard! Why are you asking so many questions, you know I hate it when people do that.."


"Just want to follow the plan accordingly sir. May I remind you that the last deathclaw we dipped failed to function at all."


"All the more fun to torture these monsters, let them wake before we dump them in the F.E.V, I want to hear that terrified scream."


"Of course Coronal, anything do you sir."


I hear the conversation in my unconscious state, it was all blackness, I had no sense of time or even what was around me. I feel like I was drugged and even sedated, keeping me down longer. I thought I had woken up plenty of times but was forced back to sleep shortly after, before I managed to wake up and coherently enough to process what was around me.


My eyes slowly shot open, I wasn't even sure if it was reality I was seeing or another drug inducing sleep, once my eyes had adjusted and feeling returned to me I knew I was awake, Finally! But my whole body hurt and once I came to my senses I realized where I was. That room with the two vats of F.E.V and they had me tied by the wrist on one of the cranes, I was suspended above the glowing pool of water below the catwalk, it was filled with Ghouls and bloated creatures very vaguely resembling a human. Their infected sores and boils leaked radioactive puss as they moved around below me, hissing and growling. There were about 20 people down there.


Then I came to a worry, where was Myles? I turned myself to each side and saw him, suspended like I was but he was safe and not dipped, they must have sedated him heavily too. I ended up walking up before him, maybe I can buy us some time to come up with a plan?


Lucky for me I was tied up high enough to when my drooping tail wasn't in reach of the ghouls, I attempted to use my body weight to swing myself back and forth but I didn't even budge, whatever they got me tied with it's a hell of a thing. I just hung there for what felt like an eternity, I decided not to try and escape, Even if I got out I wouldn't have the strength to fight, let alone get us both out. I was so relieved to see Myles breathing, his eyes were closed but he was okay and his wounds looked minimal.


This was my fault, my quest for vengeance was met with both our captures, how long have we been out? All I know is that I was going to get Myles out of here, even if it kills me.


Hanging in silence with only wet steps and raspy growls of the ghouls below to keep me company. I took this time to scour the room, there was the upper floor which they came from before, assuming they would come from there again.


I decided to rest my eyes a moment then i hear a loud *Slam* and it made me jump and open my eyes, there he was the same one who slammed me against that wall, he came down with a scrawny looking scientist with a clipboard, he was shaking as he followed the massive brute down the ramp and they arrived at me and Myles.


The scientist gave an audible gulp as the soldier scoffed at Myles and me addressing us both "I hope you two enjoyed your beauty sleep, because the only time you will be sleeping after this will be the grave."


He snapped his metal hands in front of Myles who didn't respond as..he was still passed out, he gave him a rough shove and turned to me, strolling down the Catwalk with his arms behind his back, slowly looking at me the whole time, I could feel the disgust shooting through the power armor helmet.


He stood in front of me, for a long, long time just stared and I stared back, didn't say anything at all,no reason for him to think that I was anything more than a normal deathclaw with an odd color.


The scientist Finally spoke up "Excuse me Coronal, I don't mean to dispose your theory but..it seems this deathclaw doesn't speak and the idea of talking lizards just sounds ridiculous "


He turned around to the scientist removing his helmet before holding on his side "No these monsters still exist even though I wiped them all out decades ago, I know this one anywhere he is the one who got away, he is the one who killed my brother." He then turned back at me and revealed his scarred face "Isn't that right?"


It was him! The fucker who killed my entire Vault, the some one who laughed maniacally as he gunned down my mother in front of me..this caused me to snap instantly any sort of sorry excuse of energy I had was gone, all I felt was rage and sorrow, all these years of searching for this murderer and here he was in front of me while I was hung up and powerless!


"YOU! MURDERED MY VAULT, KILLED MY MOTHER, I WILL FUCKING TEAR YOU APART, THERE..WILL.. BE.. NOTHING..LEFT..OF...YOU!" I shouted while attempting to swing at him to no avail, my body felt pain but the rage was overcoming that pain.


His face turned from cocky to arrogant, the grin he had was the most shit eating, entitled, overconfident look, he rubbed the head of the scientist aggressively messing up their hair before saying "See? What should I tell you? Lizard boy does talk. Tell me how a pathetic little runt like you survived the Wasteland for so long?"


My breathing was basically turned to growling, I never felt such a nova inside of me, I could just scream "I don't owe you the slightest explanation for anything!"


He gave a grunt of displeasure before going over to Myles "Yeah? Then perhaps your friend would like to answer?" And then punched him. "Every second you waste the more I hurt him now talk!"


I had to give in, I was in no position to argue or even fight it." Okay, fine after I left the vault I ran into a town, met a woman and lived there for a while before leaving to come to the capital Wasteland and here I am, that fucking good enough you fucker?"


He approached back to me and went right in my face "The vault, did you bury everyone?!"


I narrowed my eyes and just gave him a "You bet your sorry ass I did, did I foil your plans? Aw doesn't that blow your plan of world domination out of the water, also your brother had a great time gurgling on his own blood, don't you remember finding his body? Almost as useless as you are.. almost."


He just smacked me across the face, twice before punching me on the chest, the metal clang of his armor hit my rips and I felt it as it echoed all throughout my body.


He pulled back, "I will give you as many punches as days I've missed him, as much pain as I can inflict upon you, I will break you down and make you beg for death and you will never experience that sweet release!"


I spit out a glob of blood before continuing "Yeah? Well you only hit me three times so far, can't have missed his sorry excuse for a soldier for long then." I looked up at his red angry expression, directly in his eyes. "Do your fucking worst, you won't break me!"


He then proceeded to beat on me for the next 5 minutes before he flicked his wrist and my blood fell upon the catwalk as it dripped off his power armor.


"Why won't you fucking die!"


I winced before having a few coughing fits and finally said


"I'll see you in hell!"


He replied with heavy breathing "You can go ahead, I won't be going there for a long while after you."


"I don't mind waiting.."


The scientist stopped him for a moment before saying "We need a sample, he might just be our missing link."


It was then Coronal Glavin nodded, he pulled out a ripper from behind his armor and revved it up, it was an extended blade and looked dangerously sharp, the dried blood a clear sign that has been used many times before.


He placed the circling fangs against my chest lightly, then pulling it down slowly making a narrow gash down my body, he pushed it in deeper and deeper as he went down till he stopped right below my stomach, I winced in pain as the ripper cut into me more and more.


"How's it feel to know you are going to build me an army? I will make them all my slaves and you will be the start of the breeding of my own intelligent deathclaw army, I will control the Mutants and deathclaws and dispose of them once the Wasteland is mine! And I don't even need you alive for a sample."


I looked up and saw the ripper dangerously close to my head, I felt the breeze from each and every fang of that thing as it circled around the blade itself and just said while scoffing "You aren't even going to let me enjoy bringing you world domination? What a sorry leader you will be."


I just stared at him with an expression of hate, I wanted him to remember that look forever, obviously it won't do any good he does this because he enjoys it, sick fuck.


As if timing couldn't be more perfect another scientist burst through the upper floor door and shouted at Glavin "Coronal sir, you need to come see this now! New test results and I have news on the Brotherhood, the President demands you come here now."


He groaned "The President can kiss my ass!" and gestured the ripper in my direction before giving a sigh "Well Lizard boy you get to live a little longer, I don't want to rush cracking open your head after all, enjoy your last few minutes till I get back!" He left with a friendly wave and left us hanging there still like before.


Myles was still fast asleep and the scientist followed after the Coronal, this was my only chance to get us out. I began to swing myself back and forth, hoping to break the restraints I was bound to, it didn't do anything for the first few swings but I used my weight to my advantage and eventually felt the binds loosen up, I didn't really think this through because well..if I break the restraints I'll fall into the pit of ghouls and surely be over run. My wrists were crossed and once it got loose enough I could move my claws enough to finish loosening the shackles, I gained enough momentum and cut the rest of the restraints in timing with my swings so when I felt it would propel me forward onto the catwalk.


After cutting through the bindings and swinging myself forward, I managed to get the timing right and I hit myself against the safety railing of the catwalk, the force of me landing was intense, the wounds from the fight and subsequent torture were taking their toll now and I almost lost whatever grip I had from tha pain I experiencedt alone. I somehow managed to pull myself up and over the railing, I was finally back, standing on something that resembles solid ground.


I felt broken both in mind and body, the sedated drug made me drowsy and I can swear I had a few broken bones and ribs. My world felt like it was spinning and I lost my balance, using the railing as support, my leg was absolutely wrecked and I don't think I was going to be able to make it out of this. That doesn't mean I can't get Myles out though.


I regained myself, I could try and charge directly into that room and take out the Coronal, then if I was to fall Myles would surely be turned into a Mutant and I am in no condition to fight a Radroach let alone an Enclave soldier, I wandered over to Myles crane control which was a massive control panel, I could see basic switches like release, the on and off switch and the joystick to actually move the crane itself, I gently flicked the power switch, adjusted the joystick to move Myles back to the catwalk but the crane itself got stuck, of fucking course it would. I tried to pull it again but to no avail, instead of getting myself frustrated on this faulty machinery I decided to try and pull it manually. No luck on that either, I would have to actually go and get him. Getting enough distance I sized up the jump, not that bad unless you count the inevitable pit of death and the rotting ghouls welcoming me into their parade from below.


I took a moment to gain enough will to make the leap and backed up before crouching down and jumping over the railing, I grabbed onto the top of the crane with both hands and shimmied my way over to where Myles was hung up, I was just a few inches above where he was and now I had to figure out how I would unhook his restraints and hold on to the crane. I took a deep breath and hung onto it with one hand and leaned myself down and an angle enough to where I can fiddle with his own bindings, with much finesse I managed to loosen him up enough where his arms weren't so pressured, I quickly swapped my hands and adjusted my grip and positioning, my claw slipped in his bindings and cut them clean off and he began to fall but I quickly caught him by the arm, just out of reach of the ghouls, good gods that was too close.


I hoisted him up over my shoulder and made my way back across the crane, it began to clang and echo, as I was making my way across the damn thing it snapped right at the end of it where I was, it was only held together still but a thin sheet of metal which desperately tried to hold it in place as it bent and twisted, the whole thing was going to snap any minute and my extra weight wasn't helping.


I made myself a choice here, I used all momentum I had to toss Myles onto the catwalk, I managed to land him right by the control panel and landed somewhat hard but he probably wouldn't be feeling it anyway as he was still completely out cold. I decided not to even bother trying to get myself across the now broken crane, my chest wound was going to get worse if I tried to get across it again.


Myles was safe..well as safe could be in a radiated filled, F.E.V running facility.


I took a deep breath and decided to drop down where all the ghouls were, the crane wouldn't sustain my weight for the return trip. I landed on a few of them with a crunch, it was their old weathered bones fortunately and nothing of mine. I was instantly swarmed, a mixture of glowing blistered, green and rotten and ones that were basically bones, they have been here a long time. I got knocked down and surrounded in this.. disgusting green water with a splash, I'm certain there was heavy amount of F.E.V in this water..if it's even water anymore, lucky their scratches and bites didn't do much, but if they kept at it I would be in trouble, I managed to give a wide swipe and got the majority of them off of me. I quickly stood back up and tossed the rest of them away, I felt disgusting down here and the radiation must be beyond the charts, geiger counter breaking levels of heights. I had to get out of here.


I swiped and cut through the masses of ghouls, rotten flesh and guts covered my arms and claws as I made my way through the hoard, I got gripped on my back, tail, anywhere they can reach, I slammed myself against an old fusion generator and the ghoul let go once I slammed him against my weight. I broke a leg of his and he laid there in the water, snarling and growling at me with nearly feral fury.


This place was like a maze, old generators and machines littered this lower level and it didn't look like there was any exit, I couldn't climb my way out and if I paused for a moment to look I would swarmed again, it was then that I saw it, a broken, bent and dilapidated ramp which led back up to the catwalk behind the vats of F.E.V. I ignored the pain I felt in my leg, made a straight shot to the broken ramp, as I attempted to climb it they caught up with me and grabbed at my legs and attempted to pull me back down, I kicked and fought my way up, using my claws to get extra traction upon the upper platform and managed to hoist myself up, I slid myself across the catwalk and kicked the ghoul off of my leg and they fell with a splat, I was free and relatively unscathed.


I laid upon my back, breathing heavily, shaking. I tried to wipe whatever gunk and foul extremities off myself, my wounds would surely be infected if I didn't get them cleaned and fast. Trying not to lay down for long, I wouldn't get up if I kept still for too long.


Quickly rushing up I raced to where Myles was and gently picked him up, my claws were clean enough and I didn't have a choice, got to get him out of there pronto. He has to have some radiation poisoning, not wanting to stay around any longer than we already have, I booked it to the exit steps, I heard a shout and the clanging of metal from behind us as I ran.


"HOW THE FUCK DID YOU GET OUT, WHERE ARE TOU? Everyone to me, the dumb lizard is escaping, block the exits!"


I didn't stick around to let them organize their poor attempt to get me, you know if I got caught again I would be dead, Myles would be dead. I made it through the hall in record timing, practically tackled the hidden doorway and ended back at the ammo press of the "munition factory". I quickly fished out the Holotape from the works of ammo press and placed it into Myles pocket, he was still out, I can't believe after all this he's still passed out.


Slamming my back into the double set of doors leading out to the back of the parking lot, it was night time..it was just about sundown before we left to enter the secret door, we were down there for at least a day, it had to be longer than that. I figured my best plan would be to get out of this area, and let them search the zone while I was long gone. I took to the shoreline and then entered a small dense forest well.. would be forest, obviously it was just bare trees without leaves.


I looked down at Myles as I continued my sprint, making as much distance as I can from myself and that Facility.


"Don't worry Myles, I'll get out of this, I promise" That was more for me than him, he was passed out after all. I was beyond hurt and aching, my body felt like it was going to betray me any moment but I had to keep going, can't stop till I get far away enough that I can't see that hellhole on the horizon.


My energy was wavering, my willpower was dwindling and I don't even know how long I was running but I didn't even know where I was now, it was some open field and had plenty of rocks surrounding it. I then had a thought: doesn't the platonic river flow into the ocean? I can just follow along the shore till I find myself a river and end back up at the Jefferson Memorial, then find myself back at the Prydwen, get medical help for us both and everything will be okay.


Keep


Moving


Forward


I backtracked some and found the shore again, I didn't follow it directly but kept my distance, the flowing water was somehow soothing compared to what had just happened.


I heard a groan from below me. Myles was awake, finally I liked down as I held him steady and he opened his eyes and panicked for a split second before his eyes met mine.


"John, what..what the hell is going on, why do I feel so off, what happened to us? The last thing I remember was being tied up to a crane and drugged, they wanted to dip us in the F.E.V." he then began to have a violent coughing fit and I set him down on his back and leaned down onto my knees above him


"Shh Myles, I'll tell you when it happens once we are safe please don't worry, I got far away enough to where they can't find us.. I hope."


He placed a hand upon his chest and gagged before looking at me again, I stood just in front of the moonlight, it illuminated a perfect shadow of myself and outlined around me.


"John, you look awful, you are covered and cuts and bruises what happened to you?"


He wiped his eyes and down his face before I answered "I was tortured in an attempt to buy us more time, it's not the worst thing I have been through I'm fine, you are sick with radiation it seems. Let me help you up."


I went to help him up and he began to choke violently, he hacked up a green fluid from his throat and fell against me. "I..don't think this is normal radiation sickness, it's like some advanced kind, I never threw up anything of this kind before..I feel weak and dizzy, my entire body feels like mush I…"


"Don't talk Myles, I understand." I pick him back up before continuing "It seems to be an exposure to that water below us, it was a mixture of old generators and leaked F.E.V, you have some enhanced radiation sickness due to the F.E.V."


I continued down the shore as I explained this, and I did find the river I was looking for before asking him "Is this river here the Potomac?"


He was breathing heavily before weakly looking over and giving a very faint "Yes it is." I gave him a nod and picked up speed,


I followed the edge of the river for a while before I ended back in familiar territory, the field which me and Myles fought, the cave which he kept his personal stash and the Jefferson Memorial off in the distance along with the underpass that we first met at, we were almost there. The trek to actually get here was pretty uneventful, just followed a river, saw some old broken down boats and weathered docks,nothing too noteworthy.


I passed the Jefferson Memorial just like when I first came here, the water still flowed proudly and it was just as secure as it was the first time I saw it. Passing under the bridge I so close, the Prydwen held itself high above the sky, it was illuminated by the slowly rising sunrise, survival of the night fades away and a new day fell upon the Wastes.


It was then that I saw someone off in the distance, unmistakable on who it was, it was Mia I recognize that 101 and armored jumpsuit anywhere. I called out to her, I lost my voice when I tried to, so weak, so tired, I tried again.


"Mia!.." I managed to get out faintly yet loud enough for her to turn around with her gun quickly drawn, she then put it away just as fast upon seeing it was me and rushed over to me with incredible speeds.


"Oh, Mia I have never been so happy to see someone in such a long time, Myles is sick and I'm nearly falling apart, I need your help getting him to the Prydwen to be treated."


She quickly took him from my arms and held him up on her own before turning away "Yes, of course I would ask what happened but let's get you two safe first, yeah?"


I gave her a faint nod and she turned and quickly walked towards the Prydwen, I followed suit till my leg finally gave out on me and I nearly fell over but caught myself on a boulder.


She turned back and looked at me with concern, my wounds began to bleed once more due to the violent rupture I just experienced, I gritted my fangs before managing to look up at her "Get him there first then come back for me, I do not have the strength to join you, please tell them not to shoot me when you bring me over."


She instantly protested "John look at you! My time in the Wasteland has taught me a thing or two and I know just from looking at you that you are going to bleed out by the time I get back here, I have to get you to treatment now!"


I weakly looked over to her and before I could even open my mouth to insist she takes Myles first, my vision went blurry and much like the pre-war terminals on their last puff of nuclear power everything went dark and I collapsed from a multitude of things exhaustion, blood loss, hunger and thirst was probably part of that too. I just wasn't doing good at all, it's a wonder how I hauled us both this far.


The darkness embracing me much like a sorry excuse for a blanket during those oh so regrettable times of nuclear winter, it was telling me to let go, give up, free yourself of this torment. I fought it, I tried too hard to ignore the siren's call, it realized it's efforts were once again in vain and I slowly returned back to consciousness once more. It was a slow process and I felt like I was just pressed into a can of food for shipping and then unboxed and put back together again.


I awoke in a pained groan and opened my eyes to find myself in the medical wing of the Prydwen, the lower level of the catwalk where the air balloons were to be specific. Mia had done it, got me and I could only assume Myles in as well, assuming he had to be quarantined for everyone's safety.


I noticed a table next to me covered in blood, used Stimpacks, bandages and plenty of other medical utensils. I had a wide bandage wrapped around my chest and around my arms as well, it looked clean and freshly put on recently. The room or floor I should say was completely empty, my stomach growled and it felt as if it was emptier than a Jet heads cap stash,my mouth felt drier than the Mojave Desert. I had to go to the cafeteria, I'm sure that permission to walk around wasn't granted but I don't think I care at the moment. My next goal would be to find Myles and find out what happened to him.


I held my head with both my hands as I moved up the steps to go to the mess hall, my head was pounding something fierce, I could feel it throbbing through my skull, the smallest amount of light hurt to even think about let alone look at. In my pained state I managed to locate the upper portion and enter the food distribution room.


It was empty yet had lights on, I had called out to see if anyone was around and it was completely quiet, almost like a ghost town here. You figure some insubordinate would be here getting extra meals while no one was around. I snooped around the back and saw there was still some canned food and plenty of drinks still strewn about the place, now I'm not one to take things without asking, especially not from the Brotherhood of Steel but I was absolutely starving and so damn thirsty my entire mouth was dry.


I didn't even use a utensil, I cracked open can after can of Cram, and other pre-war horrible tasting foods but it was all that they had, the sugar bombs were the only saving grace from the absolutely awful tasting salt of the cans of cram, once I had a decent enough filling I had a few bottles of "Aqua Purea" what I can only assume was purified water directly from the Potomac itself and it tasted.. incredible, the feeling of pure clean water filled me with hope and joy I can't even describe, I chugged two bottles before savoring the last one, I didn't even notice that someone had come in and was was standing there looking at me arms crossed and had a look of "Really?" Upon their face.


Taking the last drink of Aqua Purea I set it down before saying "Um, you see I have been out for I don't know how long and was absolutely starving and I.."


They then cut me off with a swift hand raise "Yes, I know you were out for like four days, I was supposed to cook you something when you finally woke up but it seems you already got that covered, now if you be so kind as to leave so I can clean whatever mess you made so I can.."


It was my turn to cut her off "See I actually made sure to make no mess while I was ravaging your kitchen, I disposed of all the cans and boxes properly and made sure they were all empty." I stuck out my long forked tongue to empathize with my point.


She just gave a grunt of disgust "Yeah, yeah now can you please leave I have a meal to prepare for actual soldiers tomorrow."


I made no effort to protest and apologized one more time before I left the mess hall, not wanting to bother the poor woman any more than I already had. I might as well find where everyone is, find Mia and see how Myles diagnosis went, maybe tell them it's an advanced radiation, assuming they didn't deduce that themselves.


I followed along the catwalk going in between the massive helium balloons, the lower part was all but vacant no one was here, must be night time or something is going on, hopefully nothing happened while I was having my forced beauty sleep. I found myself back at the center of the Prydwen where Maxson had his meeting room and looked over the loading dock. He wasn't here so I figured there was only one other place to check, Doctor Baker's room.


Fortunately for me my memory was still intact even after the bashing I had received, comparatively to what I was feeling before I actually felt okay enough, still some soreness but the pain was mostly gone away. Found myself back down in the lower section of where Myles room was and the doctor's room.


I saw some scribes and engineers loitering around the hallway, they all seemed to notice me at the same time and moved over to let me pass, the look was different than what they had all had previously, I recognized some of their faces from when we took over the Factory.


"The beast lives! How the heck are you doing there John? I hear some rumours on what happened to you and Myles, what exactly happened?"


I took a halt in front of them all "I am looking for Mia and Myles, any idea where they might be?"


"Oh they were at Doctor Baker's last I saw them."


I thanked them before continuing "We were captured by the Enclave, I was tortured and drugged, Myles was drugged but I took all the torture so he wouldn't have to, I managed to free myself from their suspension and got us out. I then found my way back to the Prydwen and ran into Mia before passing out myself, I only woke up recently."


" Enclave fuckers, well I'm glad you both got out, you should go to Doctor Baker's he was the one who mainly tended to you."


I gave them my thanks and went through the labyrinth of halls till I found his office and medical room once again, the door was closed but I went in anyway. As I had expected Mia and the Doc were there and Myles was on a medical table, this was the same room which I answered those oh so personal questions.


"Holy shit doc he's up!" Mia said running at me with great haste and stopped at me before hesitating and then gently hugging me "I thought you would never wake up, it was looking pretty hopeless for a while there and Maxson, he wanted to stop as he said "wasting medical supplies" on you and Baker was having none of it"


I just had to ask "How on Earth did you even get me in and up the elevator, the halls? How is Myles doing?


The doc stepped up "Well, Mia she nearly had to beat up a couple of Paladins when they refused to help you and carry you to my room, she eventually managed to get them to carry you with some very choice words. As for Myles, well he's under sedative and we are trying to get rid of all the radiation he observed but nothing is working, it's almost as if this isn't a normal case of rads."


"Well doc we found an underground section in the Munition Plant that the Enclave were using and it was a cover up, there were two vats of F.E.V and it leaked into radioactive water, I believe Myles has a case of enhanced radiation, not anything to turn him into a Mutant but enough to make some sort of advanced radiation poisoning. As I'm sure you know, F.E.V can only mutate one thing so it's already mutated the radiation so no risk of mutation."


He just paused and wrote down on his clipboard "That is incredible, I might have an idea on how to fix this too. There was an old Med-Tek faculty to the North of the Jefferson Memorial, it was overrun by Talon Company and it's a sort of base for them, anyway, they were working on some sort of fix for F.E.V exposure and maybe that can help Myles?"


Mia then asked "Why haven't you taken it over then?"


"Well you see, we tried but they had too many and we decided our losses was too much and left, this was before the Prydwen was built at Adam's Airforce Base, we lost plenty of men during the attempt to take that place, decided a pre-war rumor wasn't worth losing more of our soldiers over, you should asked Proctor Quinlan the location, tell him I sent you surely that would work."


"I'll do that and where is Maxson? I'm sure he would like to bother me about everything, might as well get it over with.."


Mia moved up again "I'll go with you, I hear he's been treating you poorly so I'll back you up don't you worry."


I thanked her with a nod and I went to check on Myles myself, he was completely out cold still but breathing and seemed somewhat okay, well as okay as something with a mutated dose of F.E.V enhanced radiation. I felt awful though, not because of my wounds or body pains. No, I felt terrible for putting him through this, I need to make this right, for him, for me, for everything.


I hid my feelings and left to find Maxson, Mia followed behind me before asking "Are you okay? You seem a lot more down then usual, I know torture does things to people and...if you don't want to talk about it I understand just know I'm here if you need me."


"No Mia, I'm not okay I feel terrible for putting Myles through this sickness, this is my fault. Me and my stupid revenge idea, I wanted to spill the vats of F.E.V and stop them from making Mutants but we got captured, as for the torture I had worse. He is more of a concern than me and... Coronal Glavin, the head of the Enclave was the same man who killed my Vault." I paused as we moved through the halls before looking down at my hands and clenched them into fists "He..was right there, my life dedication to killing that man who murdered my entire family, friends, he took Everything from me and I was too weak and beaten to fight him, I was so fucking close to avenging everyone and I failed just like I failed Myles, just like I failed everyone before him.."


She was silent for a time before she spoke up "You have a desire to avenge your family, I know the feeling when I took on the Enclave when I had just gotten out of the vault myself. They got my father killed just after I had found him again, after scouring the Wasteland and asking all over the DC area, so you know what I did? I destroyed their base of operations, killed most of them off after that and I dedicated my life as a hunter of the Enclave after I turned got the purifier running at Project Purity, just like my dad had before me. I can say the struggle you went through to get Myles here you didn't fail him, you saved him when you could have cut and run, saving yourself."


She was right, I could have just up and left him but didn't, I couldn't manage that but he should have left me when I gave him the chance too, just an unfortunate person at the wrong place at the wrong time. I just had to drag him down there didn't I?


Mia and I arrived at Maxson's meeting room, which he was actually here this time, he looked down upon the loading dock with that same expression as ever, I felt like this wasn't going to be a fun trip.


Mia then called out to him "Elder Maxson? You requested to speak with John once he woke up? I brought him up here so you can…"


He turned around and gazed at me with hate I never seen in a man before, it was a mixture of disgust and at a total level of despise unparalleled to anyone before him, he practically charged at me with a gun drawn.


"Tell me one good reason I shouldn't shoot you right now!? I have reason to believe that you are the one who hurt Myles intently, you were the only one there and no one else could have done it! The path from there back to the Prydwen was clear as day how can he get so sick from a simple treck? Not to mention you were gone for three days! It would have taken no less than one to have gotten back here."


I backed up with my hands raised up in a very, very non threatening manner "Um if you kill me now all the medical supplies put into making me better would be wasted, and do you think for a second that I was the one who hurt Myles that I would have brought him all the way across from the factory to here in my hurt and broken state? May I remind you that I was beaten and bloody myself and Myles only suffered from an advanced radiation sickness if you would just listen to me.."


He then turned the safety off on his pistol "No, I'm done listening to the lies of you, I am sick of you using my Brotherhood and.."


Without saying anything Mia grabbed him by the arm and got the gun away from him before kicking out his leg and slamming him to the ground, face first and held her elbow to the back of his head while using her other arm to hold his own down. She upholstered her own pistol and held it to the back of his head.


The two Paladins in the doorway took quick note of this and asked what the hell she was doing, looking at me and then to her with their elder on the ground before she said "Don't worry boys I'm not going to kill him, he just needs to be taught a lesson about respect is all." They ask that she at least put the gun away and she did but kept him on the ground, he was swearing and cursing her name but ultimately couldn't do anything, he even tried to get the aid of the two soldiers but they were basically like "That's the Lone Wanderer, I don't want to mess with that."


"You know Arthur, I remember that sweet little boy running around the Citadel with hope and ambition in his heart for a new clean world whatever happened to that huh? You changed ever since you became an Elder, you lost that compassion and drive you once had to see a better future for everyone, now you only want a better future for yourself and it's selfish and I won't stand for it. My father didn't die making clean water for the Wasteland just so you can decide who is allowed to live and who will die. You know who has never lost that compassion? That's right, that same beast you want to execute, you claim him to be such an evil monster but you know what he did when we met back in Vault 101? We sat down and talked and he even helped me get a photo of my father from when I was 10 Maxson 10! The Enclave then found us and I was going to take them on and you know who stopped me and ended up saving my life? That's right John did, I wouldn't be here right now berating you had he not pulled me away from charging at them. I gave him my insignia because he earned my trust that day, he should prove to you that not all monsters actually look like monsters, as for Myles he carried him while bleeding out from that Munition Plant to here so don't you dare accuse him of being the one to hurt Myles, you are very very wrong!" I am going to let you up now and if you lash out at him or me I'm gonna knock you out, and don't think I won't."


She slowly let him go before standing up and faced him sideways ready to punch him if needed but all he did was turn away from us both and stare down back at the loading bay, he was silent for a moment before addressing me. With a simple "John?"


I scoffed and told him "I have nothing to say to you Maxson." And left with Mia behind me. One of the soldiers guarding the doors said "That..was awesome!" And the other nodded in agreement.


As we made some distance I thanked her "I appreciate that heartwarming speech, if I wasn't so sore I would be jumping for joy in admiration, but I need to find Proctor Quinlan and get the location of the Med-Tek building."


She agreed and told me that he should be up the steps, to the right of the armory above the control panel. And she was right here he was, an old wrinkled man looking like he would kick the bucket at any moment now. He noticed me first, how could he not and sputtered "Oh great the talking reptile has come to play."


Before seeing Mia and perking up with a "Miss 101." Addressing her.


I looked down at him and asked "I need the location of the Med-Tek building you tried to take over all those years it's just past the Jefferson Memorial? Doctor Baker sent me to get the location from you, it's for Myles and his sickness."


He gave a small laugh before rummaging through his things and pulled out an old stained paper before going to hand it to me before ripping it up right before I can grab it "Oh sorry, I forget I don't take orders from monsters of the Wasteland, and Myless can rot for all I care he's been nothing but trouble since Maxson picked him up, now if you don't mind I have a talking toaster to find out about.


I had enough of this pompous prick, I picked him up by the neck and slammed him against the wall with my other hand open and ready to tear him apart. "Why? Just because I'm not human? Just because I am some talking monster of the Wasteland? This isn't even for ME!? I'm trying to help someone and you..you could have just gotten him killed because now I have to find it myself and waste time," I let him go from high above the ground and he slammed with a thud holding his neck.


"Maxson will hear about this!"


Mia just walked up to him leaning in and gave him a satisfactory slap right across the face "You AND Maxson can shove it where the sun doesn't shine!"


She left the room and gestured for me to follow, pushing buttons on her Pipboy till she reached the map section and showed me where the Med-Tek building was "See I suspected something like this would have happened but I wanted to see how bad it was and yeah..it was pretty bad. See here's the Jefferson Memorial and the facility is just North of that, it's a bit of a distance but I'm sure you are quite fast being a Deathclaw and all." She said with a laugh before asking "I should go with you shouldn't I?"


With that I shook my head "No Mia you need to stay here and make sure they keep Myles alive, I don't trust these fuckers to keep him safe so I am asking you can you do that for me?"


She tried to argue but I was right, she didn't trust most of them either so she agreed "Okay John, I can watch Myles just..you come back in one piece alright? I'll be here waiting for you, and he told me while he was awake for a short time you can use his room to rest if you need it, I'll be heading to my own quarters to crash and check my dog, visit me before you go alright?"


I promised her I would bid her farewell and made my way to Myles room, I passed by Doctor Baker's office and he was fast asleep. I wonder where Paladin Grey was at, I should ask about her tomorrow. I made it back to his room and opened the door, it was just as it was left, my satchel and robe were still there and nothing had been tampered with. Now that I was alone, I found myself weeping, I sat upon his bed and just bawled my eyes out silently, all the pain and anguish I had just went through was finally catching up with me, I wanted to scream, to roar to do anything to let this feeling of sorrow out of my system but I couldn't, I was having an internal war within myself.


It was a war I was losing.












She froze for a moment. Why did this hooded figure help her? Was this just a trick from the raiders, no it can't be they just stopped one from potentially killing her. Gathering herself and using the broken shed wall to stand up as the hooded man? Backed up given her space.


“Well John thanks for the help but why? You could have kept walking and what is with the robe and hood?” She asked to check herself for any injuries.


“Well..that I'm not at liberty to answer, what I can tell you is I must hide myself or some mistakes may happen.” He gave a sign continuing as it didn't answer her question. “See some people have been and are looking for me I rather hide myself then have any chance of drawing attention to myself”


That wasn't entirely a lie either turning towards her again,


“What is your name? I don't imagine we will be in each other's vicinity for long but for now we should get to know each other, not confirmable” she looked down at her wrist, she was still tied!


“My name is Catherine but majority just called me Cat”


“Well Cat let me help you with those” in a fast swoop he cut the bindings not even given her enough time to see what it was with.


“Now then let us find your husband shall we?” As he made his way out the door.


The first thing Cat took note of was the way John walked it was unnatural, she paused a moment


“Um..John, why is it you walk so unnaturally, it's hard to explain.” What a strange question to ask at a time like this.


“Cat if you must know, I suffered from an injury I endured long ago that ruined my leg and that is all you need to know” He kept walking through the storm “Are you not concerned for your husband? My walking ability and me in general shouldn't be what you worry about”


Cat wore a tank top with a pair of brown army pants, brown combat boots perfect for the weather at least.


“Do you not have a weapon?” John inquired after inspecting her person, she crossed her arms as she walked turning her head as her brown hair flowed


“No I don't, those damn raiders took my 10mm and I was blinded then so I have no clue who did that”


“I see, well I should be able to keep us safe”


“This is one of the most crazy storms I have seen, why is it not ending?” Holding a shoulder up to block her eyes from getting all dusted up. John did answer, yet he knew why this storm was particularly the worst it was.. unnatural, he just kept walking trying not to outpace his new companion, a follower of the situation.


Why is he even helping this woman, he could just leave and forgot it all. Perhaps he is too deeply involved now, maybe he wants some entertainment maybe..just maybe he is lonely like he would ever admit to that!


They came upon a road with a sign they could hardly make out (Springville Elementary) and the school itself not far off from the sign


“Oh fantastic! It's a raider stronghold” you could just hear the excitement in John's voice


“Wait how can you tell?” As Cat went to the ground to avoid her chances of being seen.


“You see the symbols and various works of “art” around the walls?” they walked up to the front door which was..locked of course it was! “ You don't suppose your husband be stupid enough to run into a raider stronghold, do you?” She was almost offended he would call him “stupid”


“How can you make such an..” then John cut her off “You need to remember that he cut and ran when you could have used him most, though you did manage to escape at least”


Giving a sigh “We will find him don't worry” she never had thought before but not she was confused “Why do you even care so much? We are just random wastelanders..” he thought a moment “My reasons are my own, I don't need to justify why I am risking myself for you two just know I Hate raiders”


“OH GOD, SOMEONE HELP!”


They suddenly heard from the back of the buildings Cat lit up


“That is him, I know that voice!”


Without questioning John gave a nod and made his way to the back of the crumbled over school. Stopping Cat from just running in and getting herself killed and quietly said


“You cannot save him if you are peppered full of lead now can you?” Letting her go with a look of determination she couldn't not see. “Listen he is down by those lockers, they have him gagged again but I know he is there it's where the voice came from”


She looked so defenseless right now.


out of nowhere a raider turned the corner and saw then before he could even say a word John picked him up and slit his throat in such a quick motion Cat took a second to realize what happened, she didn't see what he did it with even.


“Well that was too close for my liking, they will know he's gone soon we need to hurry!” John threw the body down gently enough to not make any noise.


“Oh my God he's actually dead, I saw the whole thing, you couldn't have warned me?”


Ignoring her “Look he has a revolver pick that up and prepare yourself, we are going to save your husband”











﻿I awoke after reliving that nightmare, it was ages ago and here I am still full of loss, regret and rage my entire family and friends butchered like Brahmin set up for a slaughterhouse.


Enclave the name just rings in my head a forever reminder of what I've endured and a forever reminder of what I search for. They created us gave us life and intelligence and ended it all the same.. maybe it is best and we are meant to be just monsters, not capable beast as the last of my kind it is my decision after all and I shall end my legacy with myself but not before the Enclave burn


“John, are you awake? Cat and I are making breakfast if you want any.”


I laid there in a daze, shaking my head enough to realize I need to actually get myself up.


“Yes Mike, I'll be down in a moment just let me wake up”


I finally decided to stand up with a wide stretch and my arms almost reached the other end of the room, I heard a crack in my legs felt great though I haven't had this much rest in what feels like years!


I made my way down the steps opting out of putting back on my robe even if my own insecurities tell me to wear it, you know being a creature of the waste after all


Cat lit up when she saw me "Good morning John! I hope you slept well. I'm throwing us all together a breakfast to get the day going" I gave her a nod and the typical good morning before taking my spot on the edge of the table sitting down on the floor.


"Where did Mike go? He did wake me up did he not?"


She stopped stirring the pot tapping the spoon against the edge of it "He went to Craterside Supply to pick up some extra spices and meats, we are almost out after all I made today assuming you need to eat more than a human right?" She said with a chuckle.


I gave her a nod "Generally yes I try not to make it that obvious though and I am pretty much starving as I hate to say it, I haven't had a satisfactory portion of food for a while."


She sat down in a chair adjacent to me on the table. I sharpened my claws together as she rested a hand upon her chin looking at me.


"Is there something you want Cat?" I had asked her


"Well John" She paused "I have a lot of things to ask you and all but I would seriously feel like prying and that is just rude!"


I agreed with her "As true as that may be I don't blame you for being curious, I think I would be too just. I ask you to respect my privacy and I'm not telling you anything specific for a reason." I stopped and gave a sigh "But feel free to ask whatever you want " leaning back I made myself conformable.


She tapped her other hand against the table "Well for one why did you even come back? Like you could have just left and never come back avoided this whole situation with the raiders"


I raised a hand and scratched my head "Well you see, it's funny really I never even knew Megaton was under attack till I came back originally I came to warn you about some Chem addicts I came across on the bridge past Springville Elementary, I kept them alive but I had some fun toyed with them a little they wouldn't know how to kill a damn mole rat."


She gave a slight laugh at "Chem addicts on a bridge, really? How could you tell?"


I told her I simply just knew and with that Mike came in with various containers of goods and things I could make out a "Sublime Spice" in one of the containers


"Oh hey John you are awake! Thought you would have slept a day at the rate you were going " he stopped, set down the various containers and began to sort them on the table. "I must have already grown used to you, I just never thought I would be comfortable next to a giant bipedal lizard of death er..no offense" with a nervous chuckle.


"I take no offense Mike, I completely understand hell I would even be uneasy around myself assuming I was in your position, this is surreal still I'm certain of that."


Have to give that assurance rather than get mad at him for what is entirely the truth.


"After we eat I'm going to receive that famous tour, yes? Perhaps some history as well?'


"Oh yes the tour it's about time we got around to it huh? After we eat we can get going."


I gave them a nod and sat patiently not exactly how I would like to spend my time sitting around but alas I haven't eaten as much as I should in a decent amount of days.


Cat mentioned how the food was smelling good and that that was definitely the case whatever spices and salts they have here in Megaton were alien to me, nothing I had ever had before even in the vault.


"Am pretty excited to see what we got today honestly Cat, I am absolutely starving and no don't worry I don't fancy eating people" I said with laugh but they didn't seem very humorous about it.


I leaned up and prepared myself for the upcoming feast, Cat began to set the table as Mike too his spot across from me and Cat set a giant pot in the middle of the table a nice hot steaming portage, she gestured with her arms as she sat down almost as if saying (Ta-da!).


Mike clapped his hands together "Well I believe our guest of honor should go first eh? Hungry reptiles go first"


I reached over and got a decent portion. It seemed like another Punga fruit juice over a shred of meat, probably Brahmin, definitely something I can enjoy though one doesn't get picky in the Wasteland.


"Well thank you both for the meal, how many people can say they fed a deathclaw?"


"I would consider it an honor or maybe we are crazy, either way glad you can enjoy it"


Mike stopped his consumption and asked "So John, what is your full name? I'm assuming there is more to it after all.'


What an odd question "That isn't usually people's first concern but yes, we have a first and last name just like you do and mine is Johnitan Lambert I always went by John to keep things simpler, and John-Claw was a nickname I had when I was younger" I gave a somberly sigh those were much better times..


Cat also asked "So since you mentioned when you were younger, how old are you actually?"


I actually pondered this for a moment; this isn't something I kept track of I was silent for simply too long.


"Do..you not know?" They asked and for the moment no I didn't.


"I..left the Vault 31 years ago and I was only 14 so I'm 45 years old more or less, I only went back once since then."


"How long will you live? I mean it's not like we know how long a deathclaw lifespan is."


"Funny enough I don't know the average lifespan either but my kind lives as long as a human maybe even a little more."


Well all finished our bowls at around the same time, I had a decent sizable portion myself and was pretty content with my dinner for the day. I finished drinking the contents of my bowl and inquired about that tour.


They had figured it was time and we cleaned up the table and made our way out, I followed behind them both as we made our way back to the entrance gate, various stares and glances at myself from the settlers. I decided not to take my robe no sense hiding when they already know


"Well here is the entrance, as you already know and on the left there is the Sheriff house and going to the right you reach the upper portion which is just residential homes and living quarters."


I gave a nod and saw someone hiding behind the side of the Sheriff house. I leaned over to Mike "You see that person hiding behind the building there?" As I purposely turned that direction without pointing to give away I knew they were there.


"Oh that is Lucy, I recognize that hair anywhere you two probably never met I'll go talk to her."


Cat stayed with me and Mike went to talk with Lucy as we stood at the entrance various settlers started and stopped to look, so far no one tried to shoot me good, good.


"Do you ever worry what people might do if they figured out or knew what you are?" She suddenly asked me


I crouched down more to join her height "Yes I worry even now if someone will come by and just shoot me in the face with a .44, I almost feel me revealing myself is more of a danger to myself than it is for anyone around here."


Lucy came up finally, very slowly and steady holding her hands together as she walked with Mike. She wore a green jacket and brown pants with some makeshift shoes, blonde hair in a ponytail she was pretty tiny as well actually.


She stopped right in front of me and Cat I looked her down as she stared up from my talons up to my horns almost as if seeing if I was in fact real.


"Wow Cat I never thought you of all people would ever be able to tame a deathclaw let alone approach one "


Before Cat or Mike could say anything I decided to step in, I still back up to full height "Tame? Not only would that be nearly impossible it's suicidal! I saw you staring at Lucy because you are so certain that I am tame. Why don't you approach me?"


Suddenly her whole demeanor changed "Holy shit, it talks? I never knew deathclaws can talk, are you magic? Did the radiation change you? How long have you been like this?


Can you.."


I held up a hand not in a threatening manner simply to pause her "Hold on a moment there Lucy, you are asking far too many things at once and too relevant to each other, oh and it's "He" I'm not an it" I said with a chuckle.


I suggested why don't we continue that tour while I answer everything to her heart's content, we left down the path downward to the bomb past the clinic Doctor Gone gave me a wave and I gave him as well we entered the center of town near the bomb.


"Okay John, over there is the Brass Lantern, we will be stopping there after we finish everything up." Cat pointed at a nifty little shack with a yellow lantern light over a sort of bar table.


I gave her a nod as she mentioned the town's history regarding that bomb in the center, also how someone named the Lone Wanderer defused it and saved the town. That name had been floating around ever since I entered the Capital Wasteland. I've heard it almost nonstop.


I continued answering Lucy as we made our way up and over the Clinic to a place called Craterside Supply, huh so this is where Mike went a fair distance away from their house nearly on the other side of town. The metal creaked and shifted beneath my talons. I'm hoping I'm not too heavy..


Suddenly a woman in an old Mechanic Jumpsuit came out of the store Moira Brown she introduced herself as an Hugged Cat and Mike along with Lucy, it was then I realized everyone here seems pretty close, Moira instantly went up to me.


"Wow, you must be that Deathclaw everyone is on about! I have never been so close to one not without them trying to play jump rope with my insides at least" she made a down gesture with her hand after saying that.


I leaned down to join her level and made eye contact "Well Moira it is nice to meet you, I'm assuming the Sheriff went and informed you already?"


She rubbed her hands down her cheeks almost in awe "Somebody pinch me am I dreaming?" She turned to Lucy and said "I must be dreaming!" Before pinching herself with an audible "Ouch!"


"Okay I'm not dreaming it seems?" As she turned back to me


"You are already gaining my interest, I am a curious sort but I mainly tinker with junk and various scrap, but I also and one for studying and research, A talking Deathclaw seems right up my alley of research, if you didn't mind of course."


I thought for a second scratched my chin and asked "You mean like measurements and general questions no?"


She gave a very firm nod "Yes, sir see no one ever got close enough to a Deathclaw at least a live one to observe then up close and I've already written a book see? The Wasteland Survival Guide! Very popular and saved plenty of lives I was helped by the Lone Wanderer herself! So it must be true and helpful!" She paused and opened her door and invited us in.


It was a room with a terminal in the corner and a bunch of shelves and desk lined with various Wasteland amenities, guns, ammo, aid items such as radaway and stimpacks, a decent selection from what I could tell.


"Wow I'm surprised you fit, good thing the ceiling is so tall huh!"


Cat and Mike inquired where the guard was as soon as he came down the steps up from their rooms and yelled "Holy shit a Deathclaw" before drawing his rifle before Moria can say anything he cocked the chamber and aimed in my direction. With a swift step to the side I approached him faster than he couldn't react as swiped the rifle out of his grasp holding the barrel in my claws and held it up so he couldn't possibly reach it.


"Excuse me mister trigger happy, I much rather not be pumped full of lead today thank you very much" I looked over at Mike and gave him a gesture to throw the rifle at him which he caught and unloaded and set on the table.


I went back to the other end of the room and sat back down, the guard was dumbfounded "Moira, you can let people just take my gun like that what happens when someone decides to take advantage of that and rob or even just kill us both?"


Before Moria could respond I gave my thoughts.


"Well maybe if you didn't have a damn murder boner you wouldn't lose your precious rifle all the time."


Suddenly Cat and Lucy both broke out laughing "Murder Boner oh my God!" And Mike tried to console the Guard.


Moira joked too now "Yeah and it isn't the first time he's acted out and pointed a gun at someone for no reason, but he does his job very well."


The guard leaned against the wall and mumbled under his breath "Sorry I decided the first action was to shoot the giant death machine."


I looked over at him and said "Any other time that was fine but really, did the sheriff not inform you that I am "okay" to walk around?"


He crossed his arms and said "He did and I just didn't care you are a monster and deserve to die"


Mike and Cat were in shock it seemed and Lucy was chatting with Moria.


I stood up and approached him leaned myself down his level and firmly said "Yes I am a monster but that is simply appearance, I am more human if anything and inquire me this" he went to say something and I shushed him and he shut up real fast "If I was the monster you accused me of would I be in a room with 5 people and have them all be alive and well? Would I have done nothing harsh or rash after you had pulled a gun on me? Would I have just killed you for downright threatening me? You sir have got to get your tough guy act together and stop being such a pretentious prick, if you don't like it then get out till I leave but don't you dare compare me to my mindless brethren because YOU are wrong." I poked a claw into my other hand just to emphasize my point and finally made my way back to my spot next to all the shelves.


"Right we're all situated now?" Mike asked as he and Cat got comfortable in a bench next to the door


Lucy got up and went to the door "Well everyone it's time I leave I got purifier duty today, find me later you all okay?"


I gave her a nod and everyone gave their own agreement to meet later. Moira sat behind the desk with the register and the guard said he was going for a drink and left.


"It's probably best he had left honestly, he blames you for the raiders attacking you know brought back some bad memories for him don't take it personally" Moira told me.


That is something I understood all too well bad memories and raiders seem to coincide that way for almost everyone.


Moira clapped her hands together and made her way to the terminal "I would like to keep a record of everything you tell me here, but you see my terminal has been acting up lately and usually I would know how to do all this but this error is completely unknown to me"


She turned it on and all it was, was a green screen with no files and no password searching.


Mike and Cat both mentioned how they tried to fix it and their technical support guy doesn't like Moira so he won't ever bother.


I told her to let me take a look at it and she was amazed that I even knew how to read let alone understand a terminal.


"Wait, a Deathclaw who can read and understand and use a terminal? How is that possible that is almost as amazing as you talking and comprehending everything!"


"You see Moira there are more like me, and we all grew up and live in a Vault,now I'm not going to tell you the number but we are located in Nevada. Anyway terminals and technology were a specialty of mine, because most of us knew how to use their things just not fix them."


"A whole Vault of talking sentient Deathclaws but how, I mean what made you? Obviously you didn't just hatch like that randomly right?"


I continued working on the terminal making some progress crouching down almost to my knees. "No, originally we were made by the Government or Enclave as war machines and they gave us doses of F.E.V in order to give us enough intelligence to follow orders but not enough to question those orders."


I continued "See I wasn't mutated by F.E.V well not technically see I was actually hatched from an egg not an experiment, eventually they escaped and made their own society and here we are. Of course that was all before my time I'm like a third generation i believe from the original Deathclaws who talked our history doesn't mention much in between"


"But you are a Vault Dweller? I never imagined that would be possible, but doesn't F.E.V ruin or downright make creatures infertile?"


My eyes widened at the terminal for a moment and had to ask Moria before I answered "How do you even know about that?"


She thought for a moment "I remember some trader mentioning the tale of someone called the Master who once ruled all the Super Mutants and wanted to eventually rule the world. Obviously that means F.E.V makes humans, Super Mutants, and super mutants can't reproduce and gained amazing strength but lost a lot of intelligence so the Master's plan to rule the world fell apart as soon as it started."


I always heard tales of this Master apparently they forced people to become Super Mutants, and killed a whole bunch of innocent people in their quest for world domination.


I continued off her statement "Yes and it seems it has the opposite effect on us Deathclaws I'm not sure if it's because of our previous exposure to radiation or what but it gives us the ability to speak and comprehend everything, we were all worried it go away randomly but it seems it is here to stay" I said with a laugh.


Moira paused and then asked "So..it doesn't make you sterile,sorry for the weird questions just F.E.V is known to ruin the entire species."


I didn't think it was weird personally "It seems not my species will thrive and live through many generations to come, I uh can't personally confirm anything from my perspective because I've not sired any children myself but as far as I'm aware I should be able to if that's what you want to know"


They all gave an approving nod and said that's a good thing I am not to sure myself maybe we shouldn't continue this existence is almost wrong as we are not meant to be intelligent.


I finally got the computer working "Ah ha! I got it Moira you can now use the terminal." I stood up, placed a hand against my belly,did a circle around with my other hand in the direction of the terminal and gave a small bow very formally.


She almost didn't believe it. I am a master technician she said far too high of a praise I thought but I'll take a compliment over being shot any day.


Moria was practically prancing with joy standing up "I can now continue any research I was doing and I can also make notes on you" She paused and continued "So, sir..you are a sir right?"


I gave a laugh and said "Yes Moira you can usually tell by our horns as one determining factor of our gender" as I ran my claws across my set. "Males have forward facing horns and females usually have curved horns that go sideways or go backwards, just because we can talk doesn't mean the Biology has changed which is supposed to be a good thing yes? As studying a wild Deathclaw for any reason big or small definitely is quite a challenge."


Cat mentioned "I never knew that about the horns but that does make much more sense now."


"I have something you might find interesting, see when the intelligence Gene was made for us to be able to talk it was made to be "Male" specific which means I'm actually the one who transfers that Gene if I decide to have a child. In other words I could mate with an unintelligent and normal female and the egg that hatch will be intelligent no matter what just like me."


They took a moment to get that and almost seemed a little uncomfortable. I didn't understand why, but I decided not to keep quiet.


I decided to joke "Don't ask me how that would even work because I have no idea, it's nothing I'm interested in even trying just the option is there."


Great now I sound like a damn freak.


"Well..John we will remember that if you ever need to repopulate.your species for whatever reason, I guess it was an emergency plan but the military?"


That was the only conclusion I could imagine I had mentioned.


"Well Moira, as fun as it's been the sun is setting and we need to finish our tour for John, we can catch up later yeah?"


As she finished her notes she said "Oh yeah definitely I appreciate the time and the science there mister Deathclaw, John I hope you enjoy our little town and I bid you all farewell."


We all said our goodbyes and made out the door, it was becoming sundown I must have slept longer than I thought.


They pointed upward to a place called Moriarty's Saloon, somewhere I should stay away from bad business and the owner is a prick from what I understand.


We left down the ramp we came up on, they mentioned that the water purifier is above us and that it's been here almost as long as the bomb, it's an old contraption but still working the best it can.


Ignoring the onlookers we were outside the entrance of


The Brass Lantern, once more place seems pretty busy, must be lunch time here in Megaton right before sundown.


I entered first with a scratch my talon as the went across the metal floor, it caused the couple residents who were sitting at the table to turn around and look at me.


"Uh hello, I stopped by here for a drink. I'm not here to make anyone uncomfortable or you know cause any trouble, despite my appearance I would like to be treated like one of your own" I said with a wave..I felt incredibly out of place here.


I noticed they seemed partially approved. I took a seat on a stool at the end of the ordering table. I had some difficulty getting to it at first but I managed and crossed my arms on the table awaiting my service. Mike and Cat sat on the left of me as well.


"Well, well full house tonight! And that Deathclaw I've been hearing all about has stopped by too. What a surprising day indeed,the name is Jenny and you are?" As she made her way across the table to me


I was surprised by such a warm welcome. "I am John, pleased to meet you. I don't believe we met yet, but you know of me I'm assuming the Sheriff made his rounds?"


The rest of the customers sat and murmured to each other I couldn't make out what they were saying with all the commotion of glasses and people moving about


"Yes he did inform me that you may come to me to eat or get something to drink, so what I can I get you I could read you out menus or.."


I decided to cut her off. "Don't worry I can read, it's fine you assumed that I couldn't I take no offense." I tried to reassure her as she handed me the menu which had a wide selection of pre-war package foods and various mixtures of Creature meats, I wasn't very hungry at this time I could use a drink though


Mike and Cat ordered a shot of whiskey mixed with a rum and I decided to go with a Nuka Cola Quantum, see if it tasted the same as out west.


"I'll have a Nuka Cola Quantum, and don't worry I can pay for it I'll just need to go back to Mike and Cat's house"


With that she said "Oh don't worry it's on the house we would all be dead if not for you and you did save Andy."


I knew not who she was talking about. I'm assuming someone else who worked here at least. Suddenly there was a slam of a glass and a gruffy and angry looking man stood up from across the bar and walked the way to the ordering table,


The ended up walking behind me I made a casual comment of "Watch the tail" just as a reminder nothing more and it seems to have set them off


"And what the hell is a Wasteland monster doing in our town anyway?" Turning around and pointing at me.


I glanced back and gave him a simple "Aren't we all monsters here in the end? Done something we aren't proud of in an effort to survive?" I turned back at the counter "You shouldn't be judging or assuming someone based on how they look."


"Yeah and why aren't you drinking any alcohol too pussy to stomach anything hard to drink?"


The crowd began to look anxious but this guy was simply talking out his ass, being difficult just to be difficult.


I gave a simple sigh "See I am unable to drink alcohol because it tears up my insides too much, besides I don't need it as a crutch to get through my sorry existence.."


This seems to set him off  "See he's a bitch not drinking.."


"THAT is enough!" Harden said while entering the building


"I saw you come in here John, I had expected people to start trouble but not over something so small as you not drinking."


The irate settler started once again "Well it's his fault the raiders came and attacked us anyway.."  


Before he could even continue Mike stood off of his stool and socked him right in the jaw with a surprise hook from the side knocking him to the floor, this move certainly surprised me.


"You ruined the dude's face!" said Cat with a laugh.


This whole confrontation just was kind of pointless, especially if it was addressed to me I could care less about some raging settlers.


"Listen here you ill tempered shit, those Raiders would have killed me and Cat or made us slaves had it not been for John, if you think he lead them here you are very wrong and you all would have been slaves or worse had he not come back which he didn't even have to do that." He gave him a slap across the face while holding him down "I had spent enough time with him to know that he isn't a monster, he is someone with feelings and regrets just like the rest of us and you better damn well show some respect because without him you would be dead!"


With that he was shoved out of the Brass Lantern and my Nuka Cola had arrived.


"We had this ready sooner but, I figured you would want to wait for everything to settle down first you know enjoy it "


Jenny said while putting it down in front of me the purple hue if the bottle was much different than the blue I was using too interesting either way.


Harden and Mike came back in chatted a bit to the other patrons and made their seats next to me


I had to turn over to Mike and ask " Did you really mean all that Mike? See I was always under the impression that you weren't very favorable of me, a sort of unhelped predigest against me you know being a beast of the Wasteland and all."


He thought for a moment "You know John I couldn't help those feelings you know? But after you talked with Moira and gave a bit of history on your kind I realized you were kind of forced into this and I believe your knowledge of the past will help reform this sorry excuse of a future we have."


Harden stepped in "Yeah John, I happen to have grown quite fond of you if I can be honest."


This was strange, such welcoming and even being defended by people this is impossible but it feels..nice I haven't felt so welcomed somewhere since I left home.


I gave a smile "We thank the both of you sincerely, it's nice to be welcome somewhere after not being welcome for..so long." I took a drink of my Cola and it was incredible!


They gave me approving nods and continued their drinks and food.


Setting the bottle down "Hot Damn Jenny this Quantum is much better than the ones out West!"


She put down a rag she was cleaning one of the tables with "Why thank you, and you said out West where are you from?"


I finished my Cola with a tap on the table. I told everyone in the room "I am from a Vault in Nevada, I am in search of a doctor who? That's the problem I have no idea. Seems stupid I know but I'll know him when I see him."


She mentioned how she had an aunt out West, not sure if she was alive we though


"Well Mike and John I believe it's time we head to sleep, did you enjoy the tour?" She stood up and faced me.


"Oh yes I had an absolute blast, met plenty of new people, and got a decent grasp on the layout of the town, shall we head out now?"


They both nodded and said their thanks and goodbye's, and I did as well and made my way out to the now dark outside of the Brass Lantern, which must have stayed there longer than we intended.


"Alright John we are heading to sleep, it's much later than we thought we will see you in the morning."


I told them their goodnights and made my way up to the extra room I call my temporary sleeping quarters, I laid down and soon dozed off to a sound sleep another day survived.











Night fell as I ran through the Wasteland like a bat out of Hell, I took less than a day to get the cure and get back. Surely everything was alright and I can slow down. The Enclave could be hot on my tail, quite literally and it's not like I need to be secret about where I was going. Arriving back at the vast open field, the Med-Tek horror show was but a dot along the horizon. Nightfall was oftentimes the best opportunity for travel, the more chance of the "natural" predators yes but I always found people to be worse than any wasteland creatures, people will kill you for sport but animals are just trying to get by, most of the time at least.


It came to my realization that I hold possibly one of the most valuable concoctions in the Wasteland, the cure all for just about everything and a reverse of any F.E.V but it got me wondering. If I was to take it would it make me another mindless beast? As F.E.V allows me to speak but that is written directly into my genetics before I was even hatched, it's not like I was changed from F.E.V directly I was born with it. As curious of a sort as I am this was one thing I wouldn't be testing.


Slightly shaken up from the Med-Tek facility, I trotted across the field. I could see the Potomac River due to the reflection of the moonlight off in the distance, almost there. I had come across nothing on my way back to the Prydwen, ruined buildings and some old structures. Arriving back behind the Jefferson Memorial, the faint sound of flowing water grew louder and louder as I drew closer to the front of it, I followed along the river, essentially backtracking.


Under that infamous bridge, a now very familiar landmark, I felt some kind of solitude and safety arriving here. Deciding that I was close enough to the Brotherhood to relax, I let my guard down and leaned against the edge of the pillar holding the actual bridge up, I placed an elbow along the rusted, worn metal. The silence of the night surrounded me, I took out the syringe of the cure once more. I couldn't help but wonder why I was able to make this with my blood, I know I have F.E.V flowing through me but still I never thought it was a pure strain.


I put it back in my satchel gently, time to get back to Myles. I think he suffered enough. As I went to the entrance of the wall I was stopped and then cleared to go through, that was odd. I rode the elevator to the landing pad, I might just get used to this ride eventually, it's the shift as it goes up, it doesn't sit well with me at all. Arriving at the top and it was empty, makes sense after all it is rather late and everyone is probably asleep or inside.


I glanced up at Maxon's observation room and saw that he wasn't there, nor was he at the bottom like when I left. Finding my way through the interior of the Prydwen, I thought about a few things, mainly how if Myles so damn important to the Brotherhood why was I sent alone? Maybe Maxon thought I would get killed off there and this was an easy way to get rid of me. I will have to grill him on that once I get Myles this shot.


The clanging of metal beneath my talons paced steps would surely rouse the majority of people sleeping throughout the living quarters as I made my way to Doctor Baker's office.


I didn't even knock and barged straight in, the waiting room was empty and his office was empty, but Myles was still laying on the hospital bed, breathing heavily and tied up to all kinds of life support machinery and devices.


I quickly pulled out the shot and held it in my claws ready to give him the shot and then hesitated, what if this didn't work, what if..no, no I never lived off the "What if" of anything.


I set the shot down on his desk and decided to wait for the doctor to return, he would know what to do and Myles seemed stable enough for the moment, I can relax without worrying. I gathered up two chairs and sat down in the middle of them both, I looked over myself and I was absolutely covered in dried blood and god only knows what else, absolutely disgusting. I took the time to fold up my robe and sort through my satchel, it got horribly disorganized throughout the trip. Setting everything to the side I leaned back and closed my eyes, this was one of those moments I wondered how the Hell I'm still alive. I heard footsteps going down the hall and the door to the room open,


"Oh you are back, so soon? Were you successful in retrieving the cure for Myles?" Doctor Baker nearly jumped upon seeing me but quickly calmed back down, don't think he is used to seeing a Deathclaw sitting at his waiting chairs just yet.


"Believe it or not yes! I did find, well make the cure, I've placed it on your desk and decided to wait for you before I made any rash, sudden decisions. You should look at the syringe and tell me what we should do.' I stood up and followed him to the office.


He picked up the syringe and inspected it, flicked the tip and looked like he was trying to figure it out. "So..what exactly is it? This green color is unsettling and just looks like a glob of radiation in a shot."


I went to Myles who was still passed out, breathing steadily.


"You know, I have no idea what it is exactly, there was some kind of chemical that I have not the slightest idea what it is consistent of but I followed the instructions exactly, it's supposed to be that color according to the note."


"Then you do it, inject it right into his chest that way it has an even point to spread throughout the body, I'm assuming that this cure attacks F.E.V directly and absorbs it." He handed me the vial and I stood over Myles for a moment just looking down at him, it was either this or he ends up dying or surviving on life support for who knows how long right?


"What's the worst that can happen doc?"


"I...have no idea John, this is something I have never seen or used this before it could just kill him, it could do nothing, it could save him, I cannot give you an answer just be aware of what can happen but know that if you do nothing he will die anyway, he's running out of time and I would take the chance."


I gave him a nod before taking a deep breath, placed my hand gently upon Myles head and he was absolutely a burning blaze"I know you can't hear me but I want you to know that I'm sorry, I'm sorry for putting you through this, and I'm sorry if this doesn't work but I would rather try and save you than watch you die.."


I'm not one to give the typical prayer but I was silent praying to whatever, or any god to not let me fail this time. I had failed just about everyone else in my life before now, I couldn't let it happen again. I went to give him the shot and hesitated, surely this won't do any worse right? He's dead anyway if I do nothing just fucking do it.


I poked the needle through the middle of his chest, and continued to dive it in, injecting the cure into him in a quick steady motion, no negative reaction and he didn't spaz or have a seizure, it either did nothing or was slowly working. The pulse monitor was steady, I felt relieved and back up away from him.


"Well, it didn't kill him, you can go and rest John. I'll keep an eye on him, I imagine it will take some time to flush these rads from his system." He left to go to the desk and began to sort some papers and notes.


I gathered my things I set on the chairs and bid him farewell, no sense worrying over Myles all night and I need a rest and to wash up, this dried blood and whatever else is on me can't be sanitary, healthy or even good for anyone else. Making my way through these empty halls to Myles' room. The door was unlocked and slightly ajar, I could have sworn I locked it up before me and Mia had left it yesterday.


Slowly creaking open the door I was relieved to spot Mia, hunched over on one of the chairs and laying upon the table, she lightly gripped a bottle of wine. I couldn't help but notice as well that she was only dressed in undergarments, a bra and underwear, very modest. I decided to leave her in that drunken slumber and left to squeeze my way into the very, very confined space they call a bathroom. Mainly for the shower, typically using lakes and rivers I can't say I really ever used a functional shower since the days I was in the Vault.


Setting my belongings upon a shelf and leaning that trusty shotgun against the wall as I racked my brain trying to work this device. I'm capable of making an F.E.V cure but am unable to figure something as simple as a shower. It would be beyond embarrassing to wake Mia up and simply ask her, for obvious reasons if she isn't dressed and well..I hate asking for help for something so mundane and supposedly simple. It's not like I would fit in it anyway, not without breaking some of the glass or even the entire space within it. The shower itself was rather fancy for this day and age, it contained various shelves of soaps and shavers, adorned with cyan colored plates along the inside with some tan patterns along it. I found a toothbrush as well and could only imagine it being Myles'. I had a slightly devious and funny thought of using it to brush my fangs but I would happen to feel he wouldn't be very humorous about that himself.


I decided to give in and just began turning dials, along the array of seven of them the first two seemed to do nothing. It was probably a temperature adjustment if I were to speculate.


Nothing was labeled hot or cold so we would have to just hope that I wouldn't be burning my scales off the moment I got it on. Okay so seven dials that would be Hot, cold and one for on and off as well as shower and bath what was that seventh one then? Leaning sideways I fiddled with them some more before I managed to turn the water on..for the bath, that doesn't do me any good. Granted the shower wouldn't help either as I couldn't fit, it wasn't even a height issue it was more of a width problem, damn back spikes would scratch and probably ruin the tiles if I even attempted it.


On a good note we have running water so it's not broken piping that would lead me to think within an hour that I am the faulty one here. Can't say I'm entirely happy with this whole scenario, I'm absolutely covered in dried blood and god only knows what else.. actually I'm pretty sure that even he wouldn't want to know. I feel absolutely disgusting, vile and just downright nasty. I wish I was capable of shedding my scales at this point.


Deciding to cut my losses I began to use the current flow of water to at least begin somewhere. Upon touching it I was burned pretty badly, I couldn't help but give an almost small roar of pain as I jolted my hand away from the under the stream water. It wasn't steaming before, the heat must have just now decided to kick on; just my luck. I was more impressed that water was able to resonate such a reaction from me, it burnt much like a boulder under the Wasteland sun. Funny enough I don't prefer hotter temperatures, being a reptile you think I would but that isn't the case at all.


Deciding that I won't end up dying from that unfortunate flow of water that was borderline lava temperature, taking the time to adjust the temperature to something more reasonable, in the process also figured out how to turn the shower on. Forget rocket science and making atom bombs, showers should be a new scientific profession at this rate. Fitting about half myself in the shower and began the tedious process of trying to work with the various soaps to rid any of this gunk and whatever else I've been so unfortunately covered in.


I had almost forgotten how effective showers actually were, having grown so used to just using lakes and streams for any sort of cleaning use. On top of that comes radiation but that doesn't affect me enough to cause any concern. I decided to get this done quickly, I much like the prospect of sleep after the day I have been through; hopefully no nightmares will come to visit me just this one night. After what I had seen I'm sure some down time will help me actually process everything that went on in that Med-Tek facility.


Now that I was thoroughly soaked, gathering my things and grabbing a towel while I was at it made my way out into the main room. I noticed that Mia was awake and still not dressed, she was taking small swigs of the remainder of the bottle, leaned back against the dining room table. She put the bottle down with a slam, gulping down what she had drunk and gave a wince while shuddering; must be strong stuff.


"Do you have fun in the shower?" She said with almost an almost incomprehensible slurring


I placed my stuff on the counter by the sink and began to dry myself off while turning to her, almost bumping a pile of cans with my tail as I turned around. "As enjoyable as one can get when covered in blood and god only knows what else, not to mention I couldn't actually fit in the shower itself."


"I mean the roar you gave, seems from that you were doing something else; hell it even woke me up."


I began to dry myself, starting from my horns and worked my way down, being as gentle as possible with the towel in an effort to not shred it around to her while continuing the process. "Whatever do you mean? I was just in the shower to.." It was then I realized what she meant."Oh, oh..no, no nothing like that the roar was because I burnt myself and even if it WAS that kind of roar you would certainly hear something different."I said with a chuckle while continuing to dry myself off "But I'm typically pretty well at keeping quiet during times like that."


She immediately went red faced and adjusted herself to face me. "Well that answers a question I had, thanks?" She said with an uncanny uncertainty.


"What made you even think of such a thing?"


She crossed her arms and leaned herself down on her legs before lifting herself back up and adjusting her hair, resting one leg on another and crossed her arms."You see I was just wondering IF you did and how it be possible with..claws, seems they would prove difficult to do that.."


I finished drying myself off myself and placed the towel by the sink, folding it up and placing down my satchel on top of it along with the shotgun. "You might be surprised but I've had plenty of time to learn to not cut myself, it was never a particular issue but definitely grew more careful as I got older."


Her face grew even more red and crossed her arms on her chest uncomfortably."I..I see, guess I really didn't need to know that; or even envision it. I am going to blame the alcohol and probably apologize like crazy once I get sober."


"Whatever would you be sorry for? Curiosity is only normal, I expected such a thing eventually and besides I would be flooded with rather inappropriate questions if I was in your position. In other words I don't blame you."


She pondered for a moment and asked "Did you ever cut yourself while.. doing the deed?"


I strolled over to the cast iron stool across the table from her and sat myself down, got a comfortable position; stretching my legs out, resting my arms upon the table." Well you see funny enough when I was way, way younger I had actually and it was so bad I had to tell my parents, it was beyond awkward and downright embarrassing to say the least, having to tell them what I did" I said with a laugh."I was given the infamous "talk" then about the birds and the bees, it was an inevitability either way but still.. didn't think they wanted to give it to me under such circumstances."


She gave a sudden burst of laughter before recovering herself quickly. "Did you ever cut yourself again there after that?"


"Fortunately no, aside from the occasional scratch, nothing nearly as bad when I was younger; I was lucky I didn't scar myself! Imagine explaining that one to your partner."


We both had a nice, much needed laugh with that one. If only everything could be so easy and enjoyable, I almost forgot about my worries here more a moment. Reliving these moments as uncanny as they may be, much more fond of this than anything that the Wasteland has stuck with me.


"I have to ask Mia, why exactly are you not wearing much of anything? The alcohol does that too or you just feel like getting more comfortable?"


She looked down at herself and then back to me almost in shock. "I..I had forgotten I did that, I was getting rather annoyed with my Vault Suit and yeah the alcohol didn't help." She stood up and looked around for her suit before finding it on the bed, she picked it up and looked at it then looked back at me as I was looking over myself; reassuring me I wasn't hurt at all and actually managed to get a good cleaning.


"You know what? I don't feel like I would be or even have been perving on me the whole time, it's a bit too late for any form of modesty. Screw it, I'll get dressed when I want."


"That is fair, you would also be correct but you already knew that one didn't you?" I slowly got myself up, went over to the closet and retrieved my journal, not much else to do besides get myself caught up and write down this cure before I somehow manage to forget.


I took the opportunity to sort the rest of my things into the cabinet. Mia just sat there silently, as if waiting for me to finish what I was doing. Taking my place along the table against o got comfortable, well as comfortable as an oversized lizard can get on a stool much smaller than themselves in every regard.


I noticed my journal was moved from where I had left it, might just be my own cognitive dissonance but I swear I wasn't further up when I left. I skimmed through the pages as I made it back to the table,everything was where it should be and seemed in an orderly manner which I would put them in.. maybe I'm wrong and paranoid, it wouldn't be the first for that at all.


I'm not too keen on falsely accusing someone of anything, but something is telling me I am beyond right in this regard


"Mia, do you happen to know anything about my Journal being fiddled with? I don't want to say it was you but..it's the only outcome I can imagine."


"When I first started my drinking spree I was going through the shelves looking for more booze till I found the stash under the sink, I didn't open it or look through it at all; Guess I moved it over in my drunken haze. I understand the concept of privacy, I would be lying if I said I wasn't at least tempted."


"Ha! Curiosity seems to be your strong suit when under the effect of alcohol. As much as I appreciate and trust you I am unsure if I want you to even peak into my writings, it's very dark and twisted at times as I don't hold back on my thoughts like I do with people." I gave a long pause before standing up slowly and going to the fridge for a drink, turning back to her as I continued. "See I also have some fairly private and intimate days of yore, I would be much in terms of gratitude if you avoid those. Not even because they are particularly embarrassing, I would much prefer some things kept to myself...it will also make me sad looking back on those times."


I grabbed a couple Nuka Cola from the fridge, he had enough to last and we can always go out and get more I'm sure, I sat back upon the stool and flipped a cap off the Cola with my would be thumb and chugged the first one down.


I slid her my journal as I waited for a response. She only looked down at it almost as if debating if she truly wanted it or not. I for one am against this beyond any reasonable measure, perhaps her reading of my plights will help more than simply weaving tales of sleepless nights and struggles of survival.


"Curiosity is a dangerous thing Mia, some things are best left unknown by others, some things are in there that I would never tell anyone. I cannot advise enough that you don't dig too deeply."


She picked it up and looked it over before opening it up slowly, She skimmed through it for a moment before asking me "Why would those memories make you sad? Not that I want to know specifics just..you know I'm here if you need to talk."


Leaning forward on the table and putting my hands together "Well you see what I was talking about earlier was my mate back in the vault, as you are aware she is dead, along with our potential children. She was my first love and was killed by the Enclave like the rest of my species..that is all you need to know."


She shook her head and closed my book and slid it back to me "My curiosity has been replaced by sadness, I drank to numb these feelings. Maybe another time but for now I think it would be best if I don't go through your writings, I'm just sorry for everything that's happened and I get if you don't want to say anything on it, I know that I'll never understand."


I gave her a faint smile "No you won't ever understand, maybe one day I can help you though but for now let's get our minds in the right place first. I could use a good sleep and hopefully, hopefully Myles will be awake by the time I end up waking up myself."


She gave a tired sigh "You know I could use some sleep myself, we can visit Myles together once we wake back up yeah?"


"Yes I am pretty tired myself, I can tell you about the events of the Med-Tek building once we wake up, I'm sure Myles would like to hear about that as well." I gave a wide yawn as I stood up, stretching myself upwards as I went slowly to the bed. Adjusting the covers and pulling it back just enough to where my head wouldn't be against the wall. I should really ask about a proper sized place to sleep eventually.


"Well goodnight Mia I'll see you in the morning, if you do happen to get up before me don't be afraid to get me up."


She didn't go to leave though she came up behind me as she went to lay down and stopped me. "Actually I was hoping to stay here, not anything weird at all of course." She said with a small laugh. "I think you are lonely and I'm lonely here too so..let's be lonely together.."


I had turned around and looked down at her, she was definitely serious about this.. suggestion. "I, I don't know how to respond to that. You are beyond right about me being lonely but..I don't see how we can sleep in the same bed without making things well..weird."


She gave a sigh and sat down on the edge of the bed "I'm not doing anything that would be "weird" you.." She paused for a moment and looked down at herself and her lack of sensible clothing and then back up to me, deeply red faced"Oh..oh I see now, no no I never meant anything like that, I would blame it on alcohol but that is no excuse; not for that."


I gave her a fang filled grin. "Aw getting me all hopeful like that how could you do such a thing?" She looked up at me in almost a look of shock and confusion. I put my arms up and quickly explained "Hey, hey sorry I was just joking, that was in terrible taste. I just made the whole thing worse, didn't I?"


I gestured for her to scoot over and sat down next to her, taking up most of the bed myself alone. I gently leaned myself backwards and laid upon my back, my leg hung off the edge of the bed and I tried to adjust that sometimes pesky tail to do the same.


She pulled herself back and laid next to me right at one of the edges on the side, she adjusted for a moment before finding a nice position where our heads lined up next to each other.


It was silent for a few moments as we stared at the ceiling.


I rested my hands upon my chest in a sort of folded position, my feet could touch the ground from where I was laying, pulling it back was a good idea as the back of my head was no longer leaning against the wall.


Mia spoke first "Tell me about your Vault, I am very interested in how your society was; if you don't mind."


I rested my eyes and without even opening them "Of all the things I could be asked about right now that is what you choose? It's not that I don't want to tell you it's more on my own personal end, I can't look back on Vault life without getting upset. Let me get myself together then I'll tell you anything, just know that I would give anything to go back to that life."


She stretched her arms out with a yawn." Yeah I get it, I just wanted to compare to our own society as well as how wild deathclaws function."


"Ah, that is an interesting idea. The only comparison I can think of right now that both my Vault and wild deathclaws had in common was that we had an Alpha male, except ours acted as more of an Overseer and not a power hungry brute."


"I'm assuming that the title of Alpha didn't carry the same weight or privilege as it does in normal packs?"


Gently shaking my head. "No, well not exactly he still had rule over everyone but instead of having the exclusive privilege of reproducing like normal packs of deathclaws our alpha had a rule of deciding if a couple was ready to have a child. It was actually a good idea to keep the population from getting too high and eggs were typically hatched in bigger batches, signaling the next generation. I was among the fourth batch..as well as it being the last batch."


She pondered a moment. "You had to have permission from your alpha? That sounds awfully suspicious to me almost as if.."


I stopped her right there. "No, no nothing like that. There was no rule against generally, it was just if you were going for a child, he kept a control on that because let's face it; young ones even in deathclaws can get rather rambunctious. He never wanted any unexpected eggs to show up"


"Are you implying that your species does it for fun as well?"


"Why of course, well I don't know about wild and unintelligent ones feeling such a thing as that but I know that my kind does, might be because of our enhanced minds but I highly doubt it was an intentional outcome. Perhaps we just didn't comprehend that mating isn't just for reproduction until F.E.V hit our bloodstream, I don't know about you but I find it interesting and I have tried to figure out the why of it all; never had any way to specifically figure it out though."


She was silent for a moment while I laid there awaiting a response. "You know I never thought I would hear that intelligent deathclaws feel pleasure." She burst out laughing before stopping. "Sorry, sorry I just never sat here and wondered about such a thing. I find myself being more interested than I want to be.. strictly a scientific curiosity!"


"Ha! Yes I can get that I for one would be interested in myself, though some things best be left unknown right?"


I noticed a nod that she made "Agreed on that one, I'll stop the questions and everything before I end up being on the same level with the doctor."


I gave a rumbling laugh before looking over at her slightly "Yeah! I bet he would have a field day with this information, that doesn't mean that I would give it to him. I get an off vibe from him in this regard to this.. topic."


"We should move on from this, I feel we lingered far more than we should have been. I'm sorry for bringing it up; in my defense, it's not like I can just go out and ask wild deathclaws all these unnecessary questions."


"It's fine Mia. I understand I am a rather curious sort myself, however I do know how you might help me. But first you will need to know the real reason why I came to the Capital Wasteland."


She stopped and laid there, just listened to what I was telling her. "Okay so to make a long story short back in the vault my mate and I were expecting an egg except it didn't ever happen as you know the vault had got completely wiped out, see I don't know if anything was certain; it was just kind of a waiting game. See this is important because once I was forced out of the town I was living after all that I traveled the Wasteland for a while. In my time being alone, I came to the conclusion that I am the last of my kind, the entirety of the race of intelligent deathclaws rests upon my shoulders so I went out to..fix that. Well at least tried to fix that I took over a few packs and attempted to have a child with a few of the unintelligent females, nothing happened with that. There wasn't even an egg, time after time nothing. It's not like it was one test either I tried with a few different ones and there was still nothing at all."


I gave a distraught sigh "Aside from the absolute awful and disgusting feeling I still have after playing alpha for a time I have concluded that I am the problem, we were always told that intelligent deathclaws and unintelligent ones could be compatible and hatch intelligent offspring but..there wasn't even an egg to see that theory. To conclude this basically I think that I am infertile, which means I will forever be the last and my race will die with me and there is nothing I can do about it. I need to find a trustworthy and competent doctor who has experience with F.E.V and who will test and tell me what the hell is wrong with me. I want to be sure.."


"You .You are telling me that you took over a pack to attempt to have a child with a feral mother?"


"Ugh, yes I know how it sounds and believe me when I tell you that I am not happy about it. I am still not quite over that one, I know it is definitely not the most right or just thing I just feel disgusted in myself. If it's the only way to keep my species going then so be it."


She sat up and thought for a moment. "You know I can't say what I would do in your position but I know of a doctor who is a good friend of mine named Pinkerton, if you would like to visit him sometime and give him a rundown?"


"Hmm maybe, I've been thinking if it's actually the best outcome. Maybe the race of intelligent deathclaws should die with me, if it's my choice I would rather it be that way; we were in a Vault for a reason to hide from the prying eye of man. Besides if I had any children I would rather their mother not be a mindless brute. Humanity can't seem to accept me as is, how would they handle multiple?"


"I don't think the Wasteland is in a fixed enough state to get ready for that, I don't think you plan on dying anytime soon. Let's be real as well if you have a family the Enclave would just take them away again or at least try, you have to take them out first and then to even consider the possibility of getting yourself tested." She paused for a moment and stood up, walked around the table for a few moments before continuing, hand upon her chin another arm crossed on her chest. "If there is one thing I learned when I took out the Enclave the first time it's that they will use anything and anyone you love against you. My dad, my companions, hell even used my lover against me. But see I put a stop to them and was able to save everyone who followed me throughout my journey and even potentially the entire Wasteland. Now it is your turn to end the Enclave, avenge your parents and end the Enclave reign of terror."


"My life goal, don't you worry I will put an end to them all. Tell me about your lover. I felt you were too good for all that romantic business." I ended with a small laugh before raising up my head to see her expression change and lit up.


"Cover is her name, I saved her from a massive slave trading settlement called Paradise Falls. It was so far from Paradise and there was the head honcho named Eulogy Jones. To put it lightly he used the slaves as whores and being that they were slaves, they couldn't do anything about it. I was there to save some kids and decided to end his tyranny along with all the slavers. With my trusty dog I killed them all and saved all the slaves. Clover was part of that group, she followed me from there and we became a couple, been together ever since."


This was much of a surprise to me, not only was Mia The Lone Wanderer in a relationship but she was in a relationship with a woman. Not that I particularly find anything wrong with such a thing just I wouldn't even consider she would be burdened by love. "Never would have suspected such a thing though it does make sense why you would wear such little around me now, if we take alcohol out of this equation. Lone Wanderer in a relationship with another woman, I have to ask though don't you plan on having kids eventually?"


She scoffed at my final comment before going to the fridge and pulling out a couple of bottles of Aqua Pura, probably to flush out the alcohol or at least numb the inevitable hangover.


"If I can be completely honest with you John, men simply don't interest me in a romantic sense I never was happy anytime I did try to be with one and I never sat down and thought about kids. I don't think I would want to raise a child in this world as is, it's hard enough keeping myself alive. As for the lack of clothes I'm in a comfortable mood at my Vault Suit can get rather annoying after a while, besides I don't see you complaining." She took a few swigs of the bottle before turning a chair around the table to face me and sat down with her legs crossed. "No the real reason is I knew you wouldn't be a total creep or stare at me in inappropriate places, consider this to be a spur of the moment test that I came up with and I'm happy with the outcome, just don't get used to it."


I sat up from laying down on the bed, so much for getting sleep. "As much as I appreciate the trust and faith in me not absolutely perving on you, what would someone think of this if they were to check in on you or me and saw this?"


She gave what I can only describe as a groan of disappointment. "You should know that I wouldn't care what people think or feel, obviously I can see what you are getting at but it would be interesting to hear the rumors people come up with, if anything they would probably be jealous." She burst out laughing for a moment before collecting herself. "Sorry, sorry I just had a funny idea to tell Myles about this I think he would get so jealous he would turn to mush or be mad at us both."


This gave me a chuckle when I stood up to join her at the table "Oh I believe he would smite us both, I'm going to grab myself a water too then try and sleep..again. As much as I enjoy our conversation I am tired beyond any reasonable measure."


I grabbed one of the waters and placed it on the shelf just above the pillows, laid back down upon my back and rested my eyes. Mia and I wished each other goodnight and I attempted to make some room for her. I don't imagine she stayed up much longer than I did because sleep took me pretty quickly once I got comfortable.


No dreams fell upon me this time, they are usually reliving traumatic moments anyway I would prefer it this way, but sometimes you need to remember even if it hurts.


I awoke to an empty room, Mia must have gone throughout her day already and I noticed her Vault Suit was missing, at least she remembered to get dressed. This thought made me chuckle her running around the Prydwen in the buff would be pretty entertaining strictly on people's reaction alone; would anyone even say anything to her given the status she has?


Getting up with a yawn and a bone cracking stretch, felt painful and good all at the same time almost as if I was cramped but also released pressure on my arms, I must be sore from everything as of lately? Hurt so good. I debated getting my robe together but I didn't care. I'll sort all that out later. Now I should go check on Myles and see if he is aware and awake.


Giving how no one woke me up I would imagine nothing catastrophic happened. I took this moment to squeeze myself into the bathroom, my vision was blurred after just waking up so I decided to wash my mouth out as well as my eyes and face. I keep finding myself staring at a mirror more and more.


Some days I see a monster, others days I see someone who shouldn't exist. I obviously know what I am and what my namesake entails but these hands are for more than killing.


These claws are capable of more than death.


Concluding that I looked like a tired mess I managed to find the willpower to exit Myles room and enter the hall once more, off to the doctors office. I was relieved to see the halls were empty, unsure of what time it was but I slept nicely so it's at least afternoon. A bit of anguish and excitement overwhelmed me as I left to see Myles, wanting to see if he was okay but also the worry of what could have possibly gone wrong; I don't usually worry about people like this..


Quickly arriving at his door I noticed it was closed, that was a little strange. I gave it a soft knock to no response. Another more drawn out and might be considered slightly more aggressive one. I could hear very faint chatter from the other end so clearly it was closed for a reason. I waited for a few moments before I finally heard the door unhinged and the familiar creak of it opening, through just a crack I saw a pair of eyes looking at me; before I can even guess who's they were the door nearly blew open with enough force to knock even me back and Mia had been the one to do it.


"John! Sorry damn Proctor Quinlan was bugging us about that cure you made and I wanted to leave the choice up to you if you wanted to tell him about it and all so..we locked the office up."


She quickly leapt to the side and gestured for me to hurry up and get in, he must have been very interested in whatever it was I used. I ducked down under the doorway and quickly entered the room.


I followed Mia as she gave me a rundown of events while I was asleep. Nothing unsurprising The Brotherhood attempting to figure out how or what was within that cure, claiming I wasted it. They don't even know, ignorance runs thick here apparently.


I reached over and grabbed the vial off the docs desk and told her to keep it on herself. She told me to wait in the office and went into the room Myles was resting in. I waited for only a few moments before it was Paladin Grey who came out to get me, she changed at me with a wide hug and didn't even say anything because backing up and adjusting her hair and positioning her chest brace with a smile of both satisfaction and worry.


"By the gods you look awful, not to mention you had us all worried sick. I'm just glad you are okay, well as okay as okay can be. Myles was asking about you. He didn't believe us when we told him you were here but sleeping and.."


I stopped her mid sentence before she began to ramble and potentially break down "It's okay Grey I'm fine, well no not really I have a lot on my mind but this isn't about me now is it? How is he please tell me it worked I.." it was then her turn to stop me.


Without uttering a word she grabbed my arm and practically pulled me off my feet to the room. Mia was holding his head and the doc was taking notes like usual. The room didn't feel heavy or desperate the way Mia looked up at me. I knew it was all okay, well as okay as okay can be right?


The doc greeted me and with that Mia and Grey sat down on the row of chairs by the doorway, Myles was laying on a hospital bed of sorts with his arms on his chest asleep, breathing steady and not hooked to any sort of life support machinery or devices.


There was a long silence as I stood just out of the doorway.


"So..did it work? Has he been coherent and have the radiation levels gone down?"


Doctor Baker turned to me, spinning in the chair and then looking at his notes flipped through them and then looked back at me,then to the notes and then back to me. Mia and Grey were caught up in some conversation I wasn't really paying attention to, I think it was something relating to a celebratory meal?


"Myles has made an extraordinary recovery. He's nearly flushed of all rads and is now just resting, I imagine his body was working overtime to keep him from biting the dust. Come over here John I can see your wounds from the other end of the room, tell us about the trip to Med-Tek; was it as bad as they made it out to be?"


I strolled my way over to the doctor, he stood up from the seat and gestured for me to spread my arms out, rather than protest I decided I might as well play along. He circled around me tapping on various parts of my body with his pen and asked if I hurt anywhere, most of the time it was a no and I had explained that I yet to fully recover from any of my previous injuries involving the Enclave.


"I can still move everything just fine Doc, obviously I'm tired and sore but I'm much better off than I was. As for the facility itself well..it was an absolute bloodbath. It had body parts and limbs everywhere, corpses hung around the place. It was needless to save very disgusting things. To make a short summary of it all, it would seem that either before or shortly after the bombs fell the workforce there when a bit of time without word of what to do, there were plenty of skeletons strewn about the place and old military vehicles outside. The interior was welded shut and I can only assume that was the Brotherhood's doing. There was a scientist there who was apparently injected with some kind of experiment, he had to develop a cure to fix it otherwise well, I think it was supposed to kill him but it didn't it changed him into an abomination and he stalked me all throughout the facility till I had to kill him at the top floor. He killed and ate all his fellow workers. Before you ask how I knew this it was written in many notes I found around."


"This is all really fascinating John but tell us what we are all wondering, what about the cure?"


"We'll see it is real as we can see, sadly it was only a single dosage sort of thing. The rest of the equipment was also sabotaged, I don't know what it's made of or what it really does but apparently, according to the notes I scrambled together whatever I gave Myles is what we were looking for.


I don't know if I made the best decision lying here. I don't even know if this option was believable, I didn't want to risk the fact my blood was what made the cure. I can only imagine how possessive they will end up being if they learn I was the missing ingredient to something as substantial as an F.E.V cure.


They all stared at me for a few moments, Mia especially but she didn't press. Myles was waking up shortly after I got done spinning that tale. He awoke with a violent cough and held a hand up to signify that he was alright when the doctor went over to help him, he even sat up even though it was really slowly and ungrateful, unsteady and part of me was sure he wasn't fully aware he actually managed to get up all the way for a moment.


We all let him get his bearings and gave as much time he needed, He kind of just sat there for a moment before looking around the room and finally noticed me.


"Oh John, I heard you were back but I wasn't able to roll my ass out of bed and couldn't see you." He took a couple of tries to get up off the hospital bed and stood up before quickly gripping the side of it. I wanted to help him but figured he wouldn't really know if he was getting better if I helped him. With enough effort and tries he managed to stand up and waved his arms around like he just finished doing the best show in existence.


I gave him an enthusiastic smile and clap. "Absolute appalled by that absolute amazing trick you just pulled, I'll call it coming back from the dead!" I moved my hands away from each other in a sort of rainbow formation as I squeezed my way past the doctor and ended in front of the medical cot.


Myles bent down and gave a stretch, putting his hand on his knees and gave a long bend downwards, I heard an audible *crack* which almost seemed to have echoed throughout the room. "I would like it if I could get my actual bed, these medical ones are so uncomfortable and just hurt after so long." He leaned over to Doctor Baker and put out his hand to shake his "I wanted to thank you Doc for watching over me and keeping me alive, I owe you quite a bit and I appreciate it seriously."


The doc went back to his desk and put his feet up on the desk and tossed the clipboard onto it while leaning back." I was just doing what was necessary, it was John who actually saved you. I just kept you under a steady dose of Radaway and made sure you didn't pass in your sleep. You know what a doctor is supposed to do, You are welcome though Myles you are one of the good guys here I would have hated to see you go." He ended with a smile before clearing his throat and going back to his notes. Without looking up. "You seem well enough to head to your own bed, I'll come and check on you later on today, you all my go I need some much needed sleep."


We all gave him a mixture of nods and agreement as we left, Mia and Grey kept his arms over their shoulders as we went down the hallway to his room, he was in-between them and they insisted that they helped him, just to be safe. I trailed behind but arrived at the same time they did. Halls were empty.


They both gently put him down on his bed and he handled the rest, getting comfortable and covering himself in the sheets. I'm glad I decided to make the bed before I left this morning.


He gave a yawn. "I never thought I would need to almost die to be carried by two women to a bed.."


I gently tapped the palm of one of my hands to my forehead and didn't even bother saying anything, Mia and Grey just scoffed at each other before tossing a water in his direction and sitting down at the table. "You should just sleep and keep your mouth shut Myles, the radiation will be the least of your worries if you keep that up." They both gave a laugh before continuing their previous conversation.


Picking up my Journal from the table I turned around to the cabinet before I could even take a step Grey addressed me.


"John? You know you can join us right? We should probably stay awake long enough for Myles to fall asleep at least."


"I know Grey, it's not that at all, I'm just..I don't know I'm happy don't get me wrong I'm just still trying to process everything, I have a lot on my mind and I think I want to be alone for the moment while I sort everything out."


Honestly I was wanting to be left alone, I'm beyond overjoyed that Myles is okay and the torment I experienced at Med-Tek wasn't for nothing. I have this overwhelming sense of sadness and rage and..I cannot explain why, let alone to them not here and not now.


I quickly made my way out the door, through the Halls back to the outside of the Prydwen, the front bow of the vessel. I ignored all of the soldiers I went by and just left to get out and into some fresh air. I have the urge to just go, and leave. The whole time I was in Doctor Baker's room I just felt like I didn't belong.


I went over the railing and layed down upon my back against one of the angled support beams, the ground being the only thing below me. Normally heights scared me beyond belief but after Med-Tek I don't fear the prospect of falling anymore. I decided that I should write while I'm feeling the way I am, I am never satisfied am I? Saving Myles isn't enough for me.


I began to get caught up on my lack of writing due to my injuries and well.. name is going to haunt me for quite a while. Maybe that is what's wrong with me, what I saw in that facility was just..fucked.


I heard footsteps behind me, I didn't turn around to see who it was but I continued to act like I didn't know who it was. Until I was surprised to see Mia swung her foot in front of my face while sitting on the railing. "John, are you feeling alright?"


I closed my writings and gave a sigh "No Mia, no I'm not. I am beyond conflicted. I am hurt and I am tired."


She leaned down off the railing and landed on another of the support beams. "What is wrong exactly?"


"I...I don't know if I am even capable explaining it how I would like but in a way I can put it is, everyone I have ever loved has died or left me, and I saved Myles, I know that I know for once I didn't fail someone but all this is telling me is..how couldn't I save everyone else before him? Sophia is what comes to mind, I should be happy I saved Myles but all I feel is sadness for not saving Sophia."


She backed off the railing and landed back on the Vertibird pad "Can you get off that support beam at least? I don't want to see you splat on the ground."


"Mia if I was going to jump I would have already, if it makes you feel any better I will accept this request."


Stepped over the railing we walked back to Myles room, in my defense I didn't have any intention of jumping, or even slipping "accidentally".


I tried to explain to her as we went back to the room. "You see I spent so long being alone, I had no one before I came here. I'm still learning to love again and..I'm not used to caring about someone. I'm not sure how to comprehend these feelings I am having, I don't feel like I belong here. I work better alone, I can't risk losing anyone that way."


We reached the door and she leaned against it before going in "I understand John, I didn't want anyone else after my father left the vault, after my entire life turned upside-down. All my friends betrayed me or didn't want to join me in the Wasteland, I spitted everyone's name and cut everyone off from my life. I was just.. surviving but John left me tell you. It's easy to live for yourself, live for your own needs and wants but I think you should try living for someone else."


I couldn't reply before she entered the room and held the door open for me. I was greeted again by Myles and Grey before taking my spot at the table. They had some small conversation, we traded stories and time went by pretty quickly. I got caught up on my writing and we all went to sleep. Grey went back to her quarters and Mia left for her room. I offered to stay back with Myles and make sure he fell asleep okay. Once he did I leaned against the cabinet, I was out almost instantly.


The next few days were pretty uneventful, I wasn't allowed to go anywhere so we stuck around the Prydwen, doing repairs and Mia and I snuck out one night and took Myles Power Armor from his cave and got it into the Prydwen, that was risky and exciting. She gave me lessons on repairing Power Armor and we have a plan to surprise him with it once he can get back into the combat scene.


We all haven't had time to hangout for nearly a week now, Grey has been stuck doing lower level repairs and training new recruits, Mia has volunteered to be the one who brings us our food. Mainly because Myles can't go long distances yet and I don't want to be in that mess hall ever again, I did get a hello from Earl, I'll need to visit him again someday.


Myles and I have been basically stuck together, he can't go anywhere and I don't want to go anywhere. Surprised he hasn't grown tired of my company yet, more surprised that no one has come around to bother us.


We worked on his armor in secret as he slowly recovered and became more and more independent as the days went by. After about a week we all had enough time to finally meet back up at Myles room again and just enjoy each other's company and get caught up on recent events.


Myles gave the fridge a close with his hips before slamming an entourage of various alcoholic drinks on the table along with some Nuka Cola, I couldn't help but notice the Quantum amongst the batch.


Mia and Grey got comfortable at the table before reaching out sad grabbing a bottle in each hand before leaning back to their seats, Myles got one of the most expensive looking bottles before sliding me over that elusive Quantum as I took my spot at the table..


He stood up clearing his throat and tapping a spoon against his bottle. "We gathered here today to celebrate me not dying, John risked his neck for little old me and I couldn't be more grateful. I will never be able to make up for the risk you took and the privilege I got; all I am worth and all I can say is thank you, oh and give you a Quantum I think we are even now." He sat down with a wink in my direction before there was a few applause from Mia and Grey.


"Well thank you Myles, about 50 more Quantum's and we will be just about even." I made a circle with my right hand claws as I said that.


"John I have to know what was in that vial you gave to Myles? I mean the doc wasn't able to determine and the higher scribes keep bothering us all about it.."


I took a long gulp of my Quantum before setting it down on the table and leaning back and resting one of my legs on my knee and crossed my arms. "If I tell you all you will need to promise me to never speak of it to the Brotherhood, it's far too dangerous for me to know let alone all of you."


They all agreed and I believed them. "Okay so there is some kind of chemical that has to be mixed with a batch of modified F.E.V but see there was no modified F.E.V anywhere. I had attempted to use the blood of the creature I had killed, assuming he had F.E.V flowing through him. Well the mixture ended in failure as you could imagine. With no other option in sight I took a risk and decided to use my own blood. I made a cut in my wrist and got a syringe full, mixed it with the chemical and it made the same cure that Myles was injected with." I put out my arm across the table so everyone could see the same cut that I was talking about. "My blood was the missing piece of the puzzle, I am the part the cure needed. It makes sense if you really think about it as I am a creature of F.E.V, but who knew it was the right modified batch."


I scanned their faces and all of them were shocked and speechless, I just leaned back removing my arm from the table and took my Quantum back as they drank as well.


"That is..that is something else I never would have thought that would have been it, I'm more surprised it was compatible let alone worked."


Then out of nowhere Myles slammed a pack of old faded cards on the table with a loud thud. "Well that is a nice science talk and all but I want to have some fun!'


Adjusting her hair and leaning forward to pour another drink Mia just had to ask "What could you possibly have in mind with a pile of nearly unreadable cards?"


He then uttered two words I never expected "Strip. Poker."


Now this not only amazed me but also Mia and Grey as they looked at each other, shocked while Myles had a massive grin.


"I can't believe you would even suggest something like that! But you know what, I don't even care to bring it on!" Mia went to gather up the cards to shuffle them.


I couldn't help but mention "You all know I can't exactly join you as I lack any form of cloth to remove for.. losing."


"How about you become a sort of safeguard for us? If you win, you decide what happens we all lose a piece or nothing at all; your choice."


I nodded and waited for the hand to be dealt. I unfortunately got an incredibly bad hand a whopping 2 and 8, what a terrific start. Everyone was watching me almost debating if they wanted to try and go over how to play.


Myles spoke up after taking a few long gulps of his bottle. "Okay John so.. basically these cards have different values and.."


I stopped him by leaning over and tapping a close by his hand which was holding down his own two cards. "I know how to play Poker Myles, thank you. I can't wait to see how far you are all actually willing to take this."


Mia and Grey just looked at each other before raising their bets. Myles did as well. I decided to fold as my hand was just falling short of being the worst thing in existence.


"You all know even if Myles wins or loses he's technically still winning, sure his goal is to get one of you to strip but I'm sure he won't be complaining if he lost as well."


That's right Myles I see through your scheme! Mia folded once Grey and Myles bet up again, Grey gave a wide grin before going all in and waited for Myles to make his move. He folded and Grey took the pot of caps. Looks like Myles has to take something off so he removed his left side shoe.


"I would like to propose a new rule, if you lose twice in a row, or continue losses in rapid succession you should be forced to remove that amount of articles of clothing. Example if Myles loses again he will need to remove not one but two things."


Add our own little spin on a tried and true formula. Unfortunately the next few rounds ended in a stalemate between us all no one lost or won. Too many low hands, not enough caps in the pot you know the usual for unprepared games.


Mia folded and Myles did as well, little did they know my hand held a king and a queen,I would almost surely win this round. Grey raised the stakes and I went all in. To no one's surprise I held a higher hand.


"I decided that when I win I decide who takes off what, now it will be within reason we won't go straight for the "good parts." But I will request Myles take off.."


Then a blaring alarm and a voice over the intercom. "We are under attack, I repeat we are under attack, this is not a drill! Enclave forces approaching the Prydwen in staggering numbers! All available units and soldiers get your ass to the ground floor prompt!


I quickly shambled my way off from the table and went to the cabinet to hide my belongings..just in case. As I was in the process of doing that Myles attempted to run out the door but was stopped by Mia "Myles you are in no condition to walk let alone fight, I will not be letting you join this battle. Leave this one to us."


He protested but then eventually gave up and sat back down. "It's my brother's and sister's that are fighting down there, but I'll stay here at least to keep our living quarters clear and untouched." He leaned over to his bed and opened a hidden compartment and pulled out a heavily modified plasma rifle.


Grey also pulled out a weapon from within her jacket "I'll stay here too keep him back up and make sure nothing happens."


I gave her a nod as I left, quite the hurry and no time to waste here. "Guess I'll be taking you Mia, let's show these Enclave what happens when they encroach on our game of poker."


Mia and I rushed through the halls to reach the elevator, some lingering soldiers were going that way too. She stopped me right before we reached the elevator floor. "Johh, I..don't want to do this but my dog is in my room and I couldn't live with myself if I let something happen to him. I know it sounds selfish but I need to keep them safe, above all else."


"It's okay Mia, I understand, go ahead. I'll have the entire Brotherhood backing me up.. hopefully. I'll come find you when it's all over yeah?"


She gave me a smile before patting me on the shoulder before turning to leave, she stopped for a moment almost reconsidering her choice before running off in the opposite direction of me. I could hear the explosions and gunfire from all the way up here.


I found my way to the elevator and rushed to get in, Maxon and a few other Paladin's were already in it, the elevator began to go down as Maxon addressed me "John! I was under the impression that you cut and run. I hadn't expected to see you join us for the fight. I'm not even going to try and accuse you of them being here. No one expected this and I'll be honest with the three of you now. We are not ready for this fight."


"Well Maxon I'll have you know that this is my fight too, I have been wanting to butcher some Enclave for a while now. If we see Glavin he is MINE. I will not take no for an answer."


"Who is Glavin?" One of the other soldiers asked.


"Some kind of leader of the 's the bastard that wiped my vault, I remembered his face and I'm going to...tear him apart!"


We reached about halfway down before the elevator was shot with a barrage of missiles, it caused the platform to fall at an angle causing the two soldiers to fall through the blown through hole as I struggled to keep my own footing. The support cord snapped, it turned vertical gradually, tossing me off. I managed to catch myself on the metal tower which held the elevator, I was on the outside hanging a few hundred feet from the ground, exposed, vulnerable to any sort of gunfire.


I then saw Maxon get blown out of the same hole, I reached down with one hand and held onto the tower with the other and managed to grab him right on the ankle. The sound of a bullet went by my head as Maxon gripped my wrist for support.


More and more gunfire went by us. "Maxon you have to let me go, they will shoot us both down if you don't take them out!"


He grunted at me. "If I let you go you will drop me! Like I will let that happen, and I don't take orders from you!"


I gave a growl of frustration "Listen if you down we are both done for, believe me when I tell you that I promise you. I. Will. Not. Drop. You. Now please kill these fuckers BEFORE I GET SHOT DOWN!"


He let go of my wrist after a few seconds of consideration, hanging upside-down as I held him by the thigh, pulling out a laser rifle from within his signature jacket and began to pick off the soldiers one by one as I pointed out locations.


Once the barrage had stopped I began to climb downwards, quickly and efficiently I landed back upon the ground. I helped Maxon get himself back to a normal position. He joined his soldiers on the field and led the charge.


I didn't join him, instead I went around and surveyed from an elevated position. There was absolute carnage, both Brotherhood and Enclave bodies littered the grounds. It sounded like a warzone down here, the destruction would take ages to fix.. assume we lived through this. I noticed a group of soldiers run into one of the small buildings below the Prydwen. I decided to use the smoke as cover and gave chase.


I peeked around the corner and saw three Enclave soldiers standing over a single Brotherhood soldier, they were removing his helmet and I can see that he was still alive!


They all put the barrels of their guns against his head and held their arms up, five fingers and began to count down, one finger at a time. I took these five seconds to jump him. I threw the one in the middle backwards before slashing against the other two, quickly ramming them against each other, clanging their helmets together making them both fall over. The one I threw back had recovered, before they could even get their guns up I gave their cheat a cross slash, the second slash went through his Power Armor. There was a slight scream before he fell silent with a crashing *thud*.


The other two didn't fare well either, I removed their helmets while they were on the ground still and slit their throats, quick and clean. Before turning my attention to the wounded Brotherhood soldier. His Power Armor was sizzling and full of holes and dents, he looked like he walked through Hell and somehow made it through.


"My God, I thought I was done for. Thanks for that but I found something out, I won't be able to tell them so you must." He broke off into a bloody coughing fit before trying to continue."The bastards rigged the air sacks on the Prydwen to explode, it was getting set up as they were blasting me for fun, you have to tell someone."


"Don't mind me saying but there isn't time! I'll deal with it myself, besides the elevator was blasted no one can get up there. I'll climb up and stop it, you worry about keeping alive."


Crouching down I held their hand and gave them one of the rifles from the fallen Enclave soldiers and made my way out of the building.


Time to make a climb. The smoke from all the explosions and who knows what else made for excellent cover once again. I took the adjacent side of the metal tower, the side without the blasted hole in it. The climb itself wasn't very eventful, I eventually reached the top to find an Enclave soldier on the elevator pad. I simply pulled myself up and ran at him, he didn't even turn to me before I ended behind him. I tossed him off the edge. He fell with a blood chilling scream. I would have watched him splat but there wasn't any time for that.


Rushing my way up to the scaffolding where the three air sacks were, sure enough they were rigged to explode. The one officer I found up here must have single handedly rigged the whole thing. It was a massive square of plastic explosive, it had three different wires and a timer of about a minute left. The wires are all Red, White and Blue. Wait, wait Red White and Blue; the national colors. The Enclave is apparently what the American Government used to be. I decided that if I don't try I'll end up dying anyway. I gave a nervous shake before encouraging myself to cut the wire. Red! Fortunately I wasn't blown up, wow I even surprised myself with that one. I quickly moved onto the next one. White! Same result, no explosion and the timer stopped. I ended up at the last one and with a deep breath I cut the last wire. Blue! Deciding that the bombs were all too dangerous to keep on I cut around them and took the three carefully and quickly. I held them till I ended up outside again. I tossed them over the edge attempting to hit the water.


I heard the revving up of a Vertibird, sure enough looking up I saw one take off from the landing pad. I watched as it went and saw it full of Enclave and..Myles!? Oh god damnit.


I saw it land off in the distance as I nearly fell off trying to get down off the metal tower, desperately trying to reach the bottom. I didn't even wait to hit the ground, I leaned off of it a decent way off the floor. The fall nearly made me tip over and lose my balance forward, I was able to catch myself and break the impact of my fall by leaning down and sprinting forward. I ended at the landed Vertibird in no time at all.


"Glavin I know you are there, show yourself!"


He came out almost immediately, joined by an entourage of heavily armed and armored soldiers behind him. He held Myles tied up and with a pistol to his head. Throwing him to his knees and putting the barrel to his head.


I gradually revealed myself through the fog, I held my hands up as I stepped forward, not threat,. no worries."


"Glavin I swear to everything holy and unholy, that man is innocent. It's me you want right? It's me you came here for, let him go, leave this place. No more bloodshed, no more death and I will come with you without a fight, completely willingly. I will cooperate and answer as you ask."


He raised the pistol up above Myles head, and then lowered it back down past his head and shot, purposely missing. "This man escaped my grasp, just. Like. You. Fine, I will accept your deal. But only because you have eluded me before, I won't let you go again."


He let go of Myles mouth and gestured for him to go, one of the soldiers raised their guns to shoot him as he ran but Glavin stopped him by shooting him in the leg "I am a man of my word." And kicked him as he was screaming in pain before blasting his own soldier in the face, turning back to me bloody faced.


Myles stumbled in my direction. "John, you..you can't! I.."


Slowly walking in the direction of Glavin, past Myles. "I do Myles, I do otherwise everyone will die, that includes you."


I stood right in front of Glavin, he stood without any Power Armor, completely within a higher quality looking officer outfit, general perhaps? Bunch of flashy metals and pins. It took everything within me to not rip his head off here and now. I put out my hands and allowed him to cuff me with some sort of technological forcefield. I was loaded up into some kind of high tech off road vehicle. Glavin made an announcement and dismissed all his soldiers and made them all fall back.


I was pushed and forced into this vehicle, as if I was just some dumb animal being carted away, it was an empty vessel aside from a few seats. Glavin forcefully opened the back door, forcing what little sunlight that wasn't blocked by himself to peer in the cart which I was held.


"Awfully brave of you to give yourself up, kind of stupid too." He walked closer to me. "I am going to hurt you so bad once we get back to base but for now I'll let you know that the Brotherhood will be in shambles anyway, I had one of my med rig their precious Prydwen to explode and there is nothing you can do about it."


I didn't even turn my head to look at him as I used what little light I had to inspect these bindings. "My whole life has been a sacrifice, this isn't anything new to me. As for the plan to blow the Prydwen I already foiled that one. Maybe don't use the national colors of ole to arm your bombs next time?"


He looked at me for a moment both angry and confused before stomping off and slamming the back door of the vehicle behind him. Guess I won this one.


These bindings however were something else, it looks as if it was made from the same technology as the field that was around the Jefferson Memorial. I can't brute force my way through this one. I felt the vehicle begin to move and I had no idea where to go.


I found myself dozing off, might as well get some sleep. I highly doubt they would just outright kill me on the spot anyway, not yet at least.


In my slumber I found myself back at Alyrys, I only recognized it because I found myself sitting at Sophia's garden, some. Places just don't just forget.


I saw her lying down on one of the benches, just past the row of gardens. It was Sophia she was alive and well but no..this can't be right she's been dead for ages now.


"Soh.. Sophia? Are you actually there?"


She quickly turned to me with that same expression of joy and happiness I always saw way back when, her deep red hair glistened under the desert sun; she wore a tied up flannel shirt with a pair of cut up jeans, a makeshift sort of shorts. High boots to avoid pesky geckos biting ankles.


"Oh hello John, I thought you wouldn't be back yet how was the trip?"


I just looked at her in total confusion. "Trip? I.. don't know what you mean, how are you here?"


She gave a sigh before sitting herself up "You know what I mean, last time we talked you were on your way to the Capital Wasteland, do you not remember our conversation? I didn't expect you back so soon."


"Sophia that was..years ago, decades ago! You are dead..you been dead for decades, what on Earth do you mean we talked before"


She took this news by running her hands down her entire face, down to her knees and then began laughing. "I'm here aren't I? I don't know if you are joking or not but I'm happy to have you back here, I was worried some nights you wouldn't return to me."


That last sentence shook me to my very core, I felt like a dagger of sorrows was stabbing my very soul. "No, Sophia, no this isn't real. This isn't right, you have been dead for ages now.."


She quickly got up and pressed a plan against my forehead. "Dear, are you feeling okay? Look I'm fine, see?" She reached down to grab my hand and felt her touch, it was as real as could be.


"Yes, yes I see but how or do you not know?"


She backed up with a grin and sat down on the bench. "You remember my garden? You always pick the garden."


Pick the garden? "How can I ever forget your garden? You taught me so many things here. How to shoot, hunt and even how to make edible and mostly radiation free foods and drinks to name a few."


She gave me a nod "That's right, so what is troubling you so much this time dear John?"


I was pretty confused "Whatever do you mean by this time?"


She reached out to grab my hand as she sat down and pulled me closer "My, look at how much you grew, look at you! It feels like yesterday I found you all alone and broken. Now you have people and are still broken, am I correct?"


"Yes.. yes you are but why are you?.."


She stopped me with a hug on my side and swayed herself back and forth. "You need to let go of me John, you won't ever become whole or move on if you keep visiting me."


"Sophia, those eyes of yours shine so bright. Many times you were a lighthouse in my darkest hour..I want to save that light no matter what."


I could almost feel that smile of hers radiating under the desert sun, it was blaring much more prominently than the wasteland breeze. "You said a similar thing last time we talked, now what troubles you?"


I joined her on the bench and went over all my woes and worries, it was almost like she had never left my side. "I am currently captured by the Enclave, the same group of bastards that killed my entire vault but it gets worse, the head honcho is the same one who killed my mother. His name is Glavin..I'm going to tear him apart when I get the opportunity to."


She slapped my side before practically yelling "That isn't what your mother would have wanted! That isn't what I would have wanted! And I know for a fact that isn't what John I know wanted."


I looked down at her for a moment. "No Sophia, but this is what I want now, nothing more than to see that prick suffer; he must pay for what he's done and the only way I see is through death."


She practically flung herself off the bench and looked at me like she didn't even know me "What happened to what I taught you? Survival, all life is precious, does that not mean anything to you?"


"Things have changed Sophia! I'm not the same person you saw grow up.. the Wasteland has changed me..Loss has changed me do you understand? The moment you died in my arms I learned no one else shared your philosophy, no one else shared your vision of a better wasteland...that thinking died when you did."


"What happened to you?"


"You left me, then I got kicked out, I wandered alone for so long then I heard of some doctors in the Capital Wasteland, I made my way there, got sidetracked and eventually ended where I wanted to be. But now I'm currently captured by the Enclave and they are taking God knows where.."


"How did you get captured? I would imagine you would never even let that happen?"


I gave a long sigh before standing up and facing away from her. "No, no I wouldn't but I willingly gave myself up to save not only one person but an entire operation of people. It was stupid but needed, many would have died and their entire operation would have been over run, assuming they kept their end of the deal.. highly doubtful."


"You can't go sacrificing yourself like that, one time will be your last and well you will be finally joining me at least right? Or is that what you want, do you secretly want it to be your last?"


"You might be right, you might be wrong. For a while yes I was in a very, very dark place but as of right now I don't know what I want or even need. But I know now that I'm pretty alright, I won't be dying till I avenge my vault."


"What do you plan to do after that? Just live off your days? You're just going to be okay with it, will that make you complete?"


"You know what yeah! I will be sleeping like a damn baby, you have no idea the atrocities these people have committed they deserve it all and then some." I turned back to face her." Even you would agree with that statement.


"If you say so John, I'll trust you and always have but I think it's time you should get going, they might just put you down now if you don't get up and besides you have people that need you. Can't go leaving them just yet."


I wasn't even able to make my response before I was interrupted and awoken by a large and loud pounding which echoed throughout the cart I was in, I found must slumped against the wall and must have fallen into a deep sleep or even a trance given what I just experienced..was that really Sophia?


I didn't have much time to ponder these thoughts before I heard more pounding and faint talking from outside, I was unable to make anything out given the thickness of these walls and the Power Armor already muffling sound from within. I highly doubt this is just a check up and we have actually reached our destination, I was unable to tell the time of day or night but I knew that I was feeling cramped being confined in this tiny box for such a long period of time.


I took a moment to make some sorry excuse for stretching, attempted to adjust my eyes to the total darkness and get a feel for my bindings on my wrist. They were still stuck and as tight as before. I tried to force them off to no avail.


As I was fiddling with my bindings the door burst open, I'm sure it looked incredibly suspicious with me inspecting my wrist while still leaning against the wall, rather than make a scene I quickly shot up and exited the cart.


This is it, this is where I will die.










The next day Professor Venomous was at the kitchen table eating breakfast. "Urgh." He muttered. Once again he wasn't able to sleep properly due to the fire and explosion Lord Boxman created during the night. The building seemed quiet. He was relieved.

"PEEEEEEEEE VEEEEEE!" Screeched Lord Boxman from another room shattering the silence. "PEEEEEE VEEEEE! WHERE ARE YOU, PURPLE SHIT?"

"Holy hell." Gasped the professor quickly standing up. "FINK! We need to get out of here. STAT!"

Fink popped out of a cabinet she was hiding in. "BOSS, I TRIED BUT ALL THE DOORS AND WINDOWS HAVE BEEN BOARDED UP."

"WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY?!"

"PEEEEEEE VEEEEEEE!" Continued Lord Boxman as he exploded into the kitchen. "THERE YOU ARE!" He held a large pot filled with questionable dark liquid. "WANT TO TRY MY SHIIIIT SOUP?!"

"WHAT?!"

"WELL, LAST NIGHT WHILE YOU WERE WEARING ALL BLACK, YOU CALLED MY SOUP 'SHIT'. SO I'D THOUGHT I'D MAKE YOU LITERAL SHIT SOUP, YOU PIECE OF SHIT!" He marched over to Professor Venomous and slammed the pot onto his head knocking him over, the 'stew' spilling all over the place.

"AAAAAAHH!"

"EAT UP, PV!"

"FUCK THIS, I'M OUTTA HERE!" Shouted Fink as she scurried down the drain of the kitchen sink. "FUCKING WEIRDOS."



Meanwhile at the Lakewood Plaza, Rad, Enid, and KO were going about their usual workday feeling bored out of their minds.

Enid sighed, "Ugh. This is so fucking boring."

"Ugh," groaned Rad. "Yeaaaah, fuck this."

"Fuck you."

"No, fuck you."

"Fuck you."

"Fuck you."

"Fuck you."

"Fuck you."

"HEY GUYS!" Popped in KO. He grinned eagerly, excitement shining in his eyes. "There's tons of commotion happening at Venomous' hideout. Probably EVIL things! Gosh! I'm so excited! I'm gonna go find out what's going on! Wanna come, guys? It's going to be so much fun!"

Enid's head rolled off. Rad exploded. K.O. frowned.

"Aw, okay." He left feeling disappointed.

Pird walked into the store shrieking. "AAAAHH!" The entire store exploded into flames.

Enid's head rolled around. "Meh."



Back at Professor Venomous' headquarters, Lord Boxman cornered Venomous attempting to shovel spoonfuls of the stew he made into his mouth. "EAT THE FUCK UP, PEE VEE!"

"BOXMAN!" Hissed the professor slapping the spoons away attempting to bite him like a cornered snake. "STOP THIS NONSENSE! HISSSS!"

K.O. suddenly crashed in through a boarded window disrupting the two. "I'M HERE TO STOP YOU BADDIES!" He announced. "What EVIL are you meanies up to?!"

Professor Venomous immediately shoved Boxman aside and ran over to grab K.O. shoving him directly into Lord Boxman's mouth. "EAT THE CHILD!"

"VENOMOUS!" KO gasped. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!"

"It's called abortion, kiddo!" Grinned the professor laughing menacingly. His laughter soon disrupted as the liquid from the pot that was slammed onto his head earlier dripped down his face. He sighed. "I need a shower."

Lord Boxman spat out K.O. and slapped Professor Venomous. "EXCUSE ME?! I am a VILLAIN! Not a cannibal, you MONSTER."

Carol and Mr. Gar suddenly jumped into the kitchen shattering yet another boarded window.

"KIDDO!" Carol announced. "I'M HERE!" She glared at Venomous and stomped over to him. "YOU! THE VERY SCUMBAG THAT HAD ME BELIEVE YOU DIED. HOW DARE YOU TRY TO ABORT OUR CHILD!"

"YEAH, YOU TELL THAT PURPLE BITCH, CAROL!" Cheered Lord Boxman, "HE CALLED MY SOUP 'SHIT' LAST NIGHT."

Mr. Gar approached the two and bent over pulling down his pants aiming his rear towards Professor Venomous proceeding to let out the most violent flatulence ever to have exist upon the planet horrifying everybody in the room.

Professor Venomous disintegrated.

"Shit." Stated Mr. Gar pulling his pants back up. "That wasn't supposed to happen."

Carol smiled embracing her child. "Let's go home, you two!"







We return to the small woods, RJ is seen planning while Hammy returns, he the nuts a long ways away. When he ran back, he was jumping and freaking out, similarly to how he did when he first saw the hedge.
Stella: Hammy, what's got ya tail in knots this time?
Everyone was annoyed as Hammy over reacts constantly
Hammy: I found my nuts, yeah, but I saw another squirrel there, undigging them! He didn't see me but we're loosing them, you need to see this!
Heather: Hammy... Don't you think...
She began until Hammy ran right up to her face, like right up and insists...
Vern: You know this can go on forever, we might as well just go with him.
As Hammy lead the way to the hiding spot, with him nit shutting up, they found where he buried them and noticed half the nuts were missing!
Penny: Geepers...
Ozzy: Who did this?
The scene shows them confused and worried until the camera pans out and returns to the park, Andi got the attention of the park (actually Jamie did... she yelled...), but before she could get to her point, Surly ran past everyone, leaving them all shocked and confused, leaving Andi and Buddy happy (particularly Buddy...).
Greyson: Surly? What are you doing here? I thought you were killed in the river.
Andi: Greyson... We've been over this... Surly, I thought you weren't coming back
Surly: I know, this is just temporary, but I need to tell you something, I found more nuts, and I need a group to help me get them, quickly!
The group was left confused as he grabbed Greyson and Buddy and just ran off with them. If you haven't guessed, they were heading back to Hammy's nuts. Speaking of which, the scene returns to the group with the nuts. With the group needing to start a forage, they were at a loss.
Lou: Well we can't just leave them alone, what if he comes back? We need to wait.
Heather: But that would kill us too from not getting anything, we need to...
Vern: We need to go, but one of us should stay behind, but who?
Heather: I was gonna say that...
RJ: But who'll stay behind and...
Before he could finish, everyone just walked off and left and left him alone... Well sort of...
Stella: Come on RJ, you know the thieves, you can handle it.
After she said that, RJ got slightly angry, he wants to forget his past so much. After they left, he made some attempts at humorous complaints that were so cheesy the author of this could not even think of them... but soon he heard some voices, and guess who...
RJ: Really? You guys just leave me alone like that and then just... wait... Surly...?
Surly: RJ?
They looked at each other with a look of confusion, relief, and some anger, but mostly confusion.
Greyson: Uh.., is this awkward, I can't tell.
Buddy just nodded yes and the two humorously and nonchalantly backed up...
Surly: What are you doing guarding nuts?
RJ: Not that it's any of your business Surly, but I gave up my criminal ways about a year ago and made an honest lining with some animals, what are you doing with those two?
We see them truing to look like they aren't eves dropping, but they don't sell it well...
RJ: I thought you were a lone wolf... or uh, lone squirrel.
Surly: Not that's any of your business but...
He began till Greyson came back over and interrupted him.
Greyson: Oh he almost got us all killed and starved the entire park, but he eventually saved us after a long truck drive we ambushed!
Surly looked embarrassed at this, putting his paw on his forehead, but RJ was sympathetic, he went through the exact same thing.
RJ: I almost got my friends fried and eaten by a bear, I also saved them in a truck ambush... I know how you feel.
After that, their discontent for each other subsided. RJ's group returned because Hammy needed to bring some nuts with them for the road (he ran right into Buddy...). When they got back, they wanted to know who these squirrels were, RJ knew one of them well, and Buddy hid behind Surly.
Heather: Squirrels? Hammy, you know these guys?
Hammy: ...Nope!
Greyson: Uh, who are you all? Surly?
Vern: I might ask RJ the same question.
RJ and Surly looked at everyone, with Surly having to force Buddy off (RJ had to help...) and they explained the relationship.
RJ: We used to fight over food scraps when I was a crook.
Surly: And we battled over sleeping space, we were rivals, it's not a pretty story on how we met...
Im a flash back, we see RJ going through his bag but he hears something behind him, but when he looks back he notices his candy bar was taken. We then see Surly chuckling and about to open the nutty bar... then RJ gets his attention, takes out his golf club, and gives him a 'you're in deep' face, and Surly finds an old wrench and gives him an 'it's on' face...
Returning to the present, we see everyone confused and slightly worried.
RJ: I'm not a thief anymore and I want to apologize for what I did.
Surly: I gave it up too, it came down hard on me, and I'm sorry too, so these nuts are all your's?
Hammy: No, they're for all of us, we all share what we have, I found them and we take them and store them for the winter, don't you?
Surly: That's what I was asking...
Following, Hammy ran off and Buddy came back out, the triplets ran off and Heather complained about babysitting them. Greyson then got the flirt on with Stella...
Greyson: Well hey there good looking, I'm Greyson, the park hero and I...
Stella: Let me stop you there, I'm taken, and you're annoying, it ain't goin' happen, got it?
Greyson: You remind me of Jamie... I'll back off...
Vern: Wait, park? What park? Where is it?
Surly: It's not far from here, you all should check it out, we could use more foragers.
RJ: Really? You want us?
Ozzy: What's the catch?
Heather: Speaking of catching...!
She yelled while having trouble going after the kids.
Surly: Well we've met some bad people there, it's kind of a risk...
Remembering the events of the past movie, they all responded in unison... "We can handle it...!", and they all walked off following Surly, though Buddy wanted to stand between him and RJ...
Greyson: Wait, this raccoon doesn't look anything like the one who tried to kill us, what's with that?
RJ: There are different breeds of raccoons, I mean you and Surly look different from each other and Hammy... wait, where's Hammy?
We then see Hammy running back to them, again crashing into Buddy...









Kuwabara turned around to see his gang--Kirishima, Okubo, and Sawamura--all running down the street to catch up with him. He'd been so focused on defeating his rival Yusuke that he hadn’t noticed them calling his name the past couple of blocks.


“Oh, uh, hey guys,” Kuwabara said. He rubbed the back of his head awkwardly.


“Hey Kuwabara. What’s up, man?”


“We’ve been looking for you all day, boss.”


“Where’ve you been lately, boss?”


Kuwabara backed up gingerly and waved his hands in front of him as all three guys started badgering him at once, asking questions about where he’d been and what he’d been doing. To tell the truth, he’d actually been hoping he wouldn’t run into his gang today. Not because he didn’t love ‘em or anything--they were his gang, and he knew they were devoted to him. But some things--like getting daily spankings from Yusuke Urameshi--were things you just wanted to keep to yourself.


“Uh, I’ve just been busy lately with . . . some . . . stuff,” Kuwabara said, making a forced laugh.


“Stuff? Like what?” Kirishima asked.


“Maybe we can help you out with it!” Okubo said.


“Uh, no, it’s nothing like that,” Kuwabara said, looking for an escape route. “I’ve just been, uh . . . studying for an exam!”


A very long pause followed this unlikely explanation, as Kuwabara’s three gang members just stared at him blankly. Then all three guys tackled him simultaneously.


“Tell us what’s really going on!”


“Yeah! Don’t keep us in the dark, boss!”


"Oof! Ow!" Kuwabara grunted as he fell on his spanked ass. "Guys, c'mon, lemme up!"


“No way! You’ve been acting weird for days, Kuwabara!”


“That’s right! Acting all distracted during class . . . ” said Sawamura.


“More distracted than usual, even!”


“Yeah! Lately you haven’t even been able to sit still. You keep squirming around at your desk!”


"Uhh . . . that's 'cause I can't wait to leave!" Kuwabara said, trying to think up an excuse. "You guys know me!"


“Heh, you do it so much though, it looks almost more like your butt is sore from getting some spanking!” Kirishima snickered.


“Okay, okay!” Kuwabara gave in when all three guys sat on top of him in the middle of the busy sidewalk to keep him in place. The rough group was acquiring annoyed looks from passersbys. Normally Kuwabara would’ve just shot a tough "thug" face right back at them but, in this case, he just wanted to get someplace less crowded.


“Follow me,” he said, pushing them off of him. “I’ll tell you about it back at my place.”


The three guys blinked at each other, then just shrugged and followed behind him. They all knew their boss was kind of a weirdo (what kind of tough street punk has a weakness for kittens, anyway?) If Kuwabara couldn’t tell them whatever was on his mind out on the street, they’d be content to wait until they got to his house to find out what it was.




* * * * *





“Holy crap, you really did get spanked!!” Kirishima shouted in immense astonishment. As soon as the gang had reached Kuwabara’s house, he'd led them upstairs to his room and mutely dropped his pants and underwear, revealing to them a cherry-red, freshly punished backside.


“Geez boss, that looks like it hurts!” Okubo said, examining their leader’s tender, blistered buns.


“Uh, yeah. It really bur--“ Kuwabara started before being cut off by Sawamura.


“Don’t tell me Iwamoto-sensei did that to you! The school doesn’t let teachers spank students anymore!” Sawamura exclaimed, referring to the sadistic teacher who'd once tried to unfairly get Okubo’s work license cancelled and to flunk Kuwabara.


“Uhhh-uhm?” Kuwabara ventured, before being cut off this time by Kirishima.


“We’ll get him for you, Kuwabara!” Kirishima shouted. “We’ll fix that teacher good for doing that to you! Nobody’s allowed to spank our boss!”


“Yeah, we’ll trash his classroom!”


“We’ll slash his tires!”


“We’ll tell Principal Takanaka!”


In seconds, all three guys were on their feet, vowing vengeance on the unpopular teacher. Kuwabara was at once touched by their friendship, and at the same time embarrassed that they were completely ignorant of the true perpetrator behind his ass beating.


“Guys, guys, it wasn’t Iwamoto-sensei. It was . . . ” Kuwabara swallowed, then coughed as all three guys looking at him expectantly. “It was Yusuke Urameshi," he quickly mumbled.


"Huh? Who was it?" asked Okubo.


"It was . . . It was . . . " Kuwabara grimaced, before shouting it out all at once. "It was YUSUKE URAMESHI!"


“Huh!? WHAAAT!?” All three did a double take. They stared at Kuwabara’s reddened rump, and then up at Kuwabara’s completely serious face.


“B-b-but . . . ” Okubo started, his voice trailing off. “YUSUKE!?” All three guys knew Yusuke. Their leader had been feuding with him for years now, after all. But the thought of Yusuke spanking Kuwabara was somehow inconceivable. Fight, brawl, and pummel, sure. But--spank?


Kuwabara sighed in resignation. “Sit down, guys.” He gestured to his bed. “I’ll explain . . . ”


As the three guys sat down side by side on his bed, Kuwabara explained to them how Yusuke had invented a new rule for their rivalry, and about the first two embarrassing spankings he'd got from the guy--the first one on his school pants, and the second on his underwear.


“The third spanking I got from him,” he continued his sorry tale, “was right before you guys found me. I was gonna ambush him again . . . this time in his own house!”


As Kuwabara began getting into his story, he began to unconsciously rub his hands over his battered buttocks. He'd left his pants down, since he rather liked the feeling of cool air against his hot cheeks, and he knew his gang wouldn’t mind the sight of their leader’s naked backside. They were all men, right? As Kuwabara ran his hands over his big fleshy butt, the three guys on his bed couldn’t help but feel their eyes continuously drawn to it as the story continued . . .




* * * * *





“THIS TIME YOU’RE MINE, URAMESHI!” Kuwabara roared as he leapt from his hiding place, behind the front door, and tackled Yusuke to the floor. It was the perfect surprise attack. Yusuke hadn't even had time to take his coat off.


“Oof!--WHAT the--!?” Yusuke yelped when he hit the floor. He'd suspected something was up when Kuwabara hadn’t assaulted him, as usual, on his walk home--but one thing he hadn’t counted on was Kuwabara lurking just inside his house. “How the hell did you get in here!?”


“Your mom gave me a key,” Kuwabara said, grinning widely at Yusuke’s discomfiture. “She was drunk one night and said that since I was such a good buddy of yours, that I should come over any time I wanted!”


“Yeah well, somehow I don’t think the reason she gave you a key was so that you could come over and try to spank my ass!” Yusuke snarled. He managed to shove Kuwabara off him, barely. That guy was damn heavy.


The two guys wrestled on Yusuke’s floor for a few minutes, swearing and biting and punching. They both struggled for dominance . . . until eventually, Yusuke kicked Kuwabara in the balls and got him into a headlock.


“Acghk!” Kuwabara let out as Yusuke supplied crushing force to his windpipes. He held his nads painfully. “N--not fair!”


“Coming into my house wasn’t fair either! Now say uncle!” Yusuke said, giving Kuwabara’s neck another squeeze.


“Nnnngh! Alright, alright!” Kuwabara croaked. He slapped his palm on the floor in defeat. “You win, damnit!”


“Well of course I do!” Yusuke said glibly. He let go and waited impatiently for Kuwabara to catch his breath. Then, grinning slyly, he snaked his hand over to the seat of Kuwabara’s pants and patted it. “You know what’s coming next, right?”


“Um! Ahh, no way!” Kuwabara shouted, flustered at Yusuke’s hand resting on his ass. “C’mon, you’re not spanking me again for losin' to you! I hate this stupid rule!”


“Oh, stop whining,” Yusuke told him. “You came over here to get a shot at MY ass, didn't you? So don’t go griping when you wind up getting it yourself. You knew what'd happen if you lost.”


“B--but . . . ” Kuwabara tried to think of an argument to get out of the humiliating ritual. It all felt so surreal to him. Yusuke, his rival for years, soon to be spanking his butt like he was a little kid! And it wasn’t easy to concentrate either, with Yusuke’s hand being where it was. Kuwabara could feel it working its way around his posterior, giving Yusuke a good feel for the rounded surface he'd soon be working with. Like he couldn’t wait to get at his ass!


But Yusuke was right, Kuwabara conceded with a grimace. He'd challenged Yusuke again, knowing full well the penalty losing. If he'd been the victor, he knew for sure that he'd be laughing it up and loving the chance to give Yusuke a butt-whupping himself.


“Well, what’ll it be?” Yusuke asked. He gave Kuwabara’s neck another squeeze with an arm, and gave one of Kuwabara’s big buttocks a grab with his remaining hand. “The easy way, or the hard way?”


“Fine!” Kuwabara huffed with embarrassment, turning a bit red in the face. It was almost like Yusuke was groping his butt or something! “Just make it quick. I’m still sore from yesterday.”


“Ha ha! No way, man. I’m gonna get you GOOD,” Yusuke chuckled, and then helped Kuwabara to his feet. Yusuke grinned at him again. "You're gonna be bawling when I'm done!"


"Grrr! We'll see about that!" said Kuwabara. He huffed in anger. “Where we gonna do it already? Right here, or . . . ?"


Yusuke just kept smiling and motioned at Kuwabara’s lower body. “Why don’t you start by taking off those pants?”


“What? Aw man do I have to?! Lemme keep them on, please?” Kuwabara whined.


Yusuke shook his head. “Drop ‘em, pal. Unless you want me to do it for you.”


“Dammit!” Kuwabara growled, but stifled the rest of his complaints.. He'd expected Yusuke to give him his next spanking on his underwear again, so it really didn’t surprise him . . . But that didn’t mean he had to act happy about it.


Having to take my pants off in front of Yusuke . . . what the hell!


Fuming, he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, then yanked them down. This time, he'd come prepared with suitably plain boxers that he wouldn’t be embarrassed to be seen in. He'd hoped that he'd be the one doing the spanking today, but he wasn’t stupid enough not to plan for the worst. Even so, he couldn’t help but blush slightly when they came into view. It was like he was on display.


“Nuh uh,” Yusuke said when Kuwabara left the pants at his knees. “ALL the way off.”


Kuwabara scowled darkly at his foe. He just knew Yusuke was getting a kick out of this. Still, he kicked off his shoes and then his pants without any further fuss. The sooner this was over with, the better. The pale, muscled curves of his calves stood out awkwardly.


“Good,” Yusuke said with a pleased expression on his face. Then he jerked a thumb towards the stairs and said, “Follow me. I’ll beat your butt in my room.”


Kuwabara seethed at Yusuke as he trudged up the stairs behind him. He knew that Yusuke would take any opportunity to humiliate him, and the worst was yet to come. He steeled himself to endure any further humiliations that the miscreant gave him. He'd show this punk what he was made of. Yeah! Nothing that Yusuke Urameshi could do would get the better of Kazuma Kuwabara!


“While you’re at it, you may as well lose the jacket and the shirt,” Yusuke said offhandedly, interrupting Kuwabara’s train of thought as they stepped into Yusuke’s room. Yusuke’s room was pretty much as Kuwabara had imagined it, messy and disordered, with dirty clothes on the floor and junk all over the place.


“What!?” Kuwabara said. “Why the hell do I gotta take those off, too!?”


“Well, I dunno,” Yusuke shrugged. “ Because I say so? If you’re gonna get a spanking, I figured we’d do it right. That long jacket'll just get in the way when I’m busting your ass.”


“But, still . . . ” Kuwabara said, plucking at the threads on his jacket. He really didn’t want to lose his shirt and jacket. That would leave him in just his boxers, and he felt naked enough already.


“Hey, I understand, man,” Yusuke shrugged again and held up his hands. “If you don’t think you’re tough enough to take a real spanking, keep ‘em on. Not everybody has the balls, you know what I’m sayin'? I get it, say no more.”


“Huh? N-not tough enough!?” Kuwabara said in confusion. Then, he became indignant. Not tough enough!? He’d show him! He practically ripped the buttons of his jacket off as he yanked them loose and then threw the jacket onto the ground. Throwing his t-shirt over his head, he exposed his upper body. It was packed with firm muscles earned from years of gangfighting. There were also a few scars acquired in various fights against spirit creatures.


He practically pushed Yusuke down onto his bed. Kuwabara thrust his boxer-clad rump over Yusuke’s lap. “Fine then! Do your worst, Urameshi! Gimme your best shot!”


“Well . . . okay, if you insist!” Yusuke said. Then, with a flick of his wrist, he whipped Kuwabara’s boxers down to his knees.


“What in--HEYYY! What the hell are you doin'!!?” Kuwabara shouted in total surprise at his underwear being unceremoniously removed. His big, round, still pinkened, buns were exposed to the drafty air of Yusuke’s room, and his cock and balls bounced free of their confinement to hang down somewhere between Yusuke’s legs. Before he could protest further though, Yusuke started swatting his hand down on Kuwabara’s ass, right where his butt met his thighs. “Ooowww!”


“Hey, I’m just following directions," Yusuke said as he started to vigorously spank the warm flesh. "You said to give you my best shot!"


“I didn’t mean to make that an invitation to strip me buck fuckin’ naked!” Kuwabara said angrily and tried to lift himself off Yusuke’s lap, if only to get his rear-end out of harm’s way. Yusuke was laying it on HARD. What made it worse though, was that not only was Kuwabara missing the small protection his underwear had afforded him, but his butt was still sore from his last spanking. He wasn’t even getting a warm-up!


“It's just common sense, ya dumbass!" Yusuke said. He hammered his palm against Kuwabara's thick backside. "If the first spanking I gave you was on your pants, and the second was on underwear, then . . . the third would be on your bare ass!”


"Ouch! Ooouhh!" Kuwabara groaned as his ass began to really heat up. He tried to twist his ass away, and managed to almost roll off Yusuke's lap.


He didn’t get far though. Yusuke caught the big guy before his feet could touch the floor, and pushed him back down over his knees. Kuwabara went back down with a grunt and, before he knew it, Yusuke had caught his arm and twisted it behind his back--just like last time.


“Aw, stop squirming around and take it like a man,” Yusuke said, smacking Kuwabara’s big ass to better make his point. Kuwabara yelped and tried to wrench his arm free of his grip.


“Ouch!” Kuwabara yelled out, his buns flexing as he struggled.


While Kuwabara was trying unsuccessfully to wriggle out of Yusuke’s arm lock, Yusuke trapped Kuwabara’s flailing legs underneath his thigh. Now the guy couldn't even kick his legs, leaving him as helpless as a baby. Kuwabara seethed at how simply he had been subdued, and at how Yusuke made it look so easy.


Now that Kuwabara was properly restrained, Yusuke started really laying into him. He spanked all over Kuwabara’s butt, going back and forth between each large, well muscled bun. Kuwabara howled in pain as his ass burned. So much for trying to be stoic like last time--but it hurt so much worse on bare butt! Occasionally, Yusuke would concentrate his attention at the base of Kuwabara’s cheeks, right at the spot where he sat down. Kuwabara would definitely be reminded of this spanking sitting all through class the next day.


“Ou-u-uch!” Kuwabara said. “C’mon, Yusuke! This fuggin' hurts! This is--ouch!--worse than the spanking that Koenma got from--ooh!--King Enma!”


“You better believe it, Kuwabara.” Yusuke grinned down at his captured friend. “You think Koenma got it bad? That was nothin’! Heh, I bet I could even teach King Enma a thing or two about spanking ass!”


Kuwabara arched his back in pain as Yusuke swatted down on the base of his rump again. Damnit, that spot hurt the most! With his arm held behind his back, he wasn't able to to block Yusuke’s hand at all. Shit! He could barely even squirm, the way Yusuke had caught him! “Pleeease Yusuke,” he started to blubber, “It huuuurts!!”


“Geez, you bitch like a girl,” Yusuke said, and gave Kuwabara no mercy. Kuwabara’s ass has achieved a uniform shade of tomato red by now all across his round globes. Every new spank made Kuwabara kick and yelp anew.


Dammit! I--I’m not gonna cry in front of Urameshi!


After several more long minutes of beating Kuwabara’s ass, Yusuke finally relented. “Alright, I guess I'm done for now," he said. "Get the hell off me.” He released Kuwabara’s arm, and swung his leg off from on top of Kuwabara’s thighs. “My hand’s starting to sting. Not nearly as much as your butt, but still . . . ” Yusuke chuckled.


“Ooh . . . ” Kuwabara moaned. He got up slowly from Yusuke’s knee, blinking back tears and a sniffle. As he straightened his back, his hands went to his ravaged ass cheeks, just to hold them. Another moan escaped his lips as he rubbed them slightly, feeling a mix of pain and relief from rubbing his glutes.


“Sh--shit . .  !” He said. He turned around to Yusuke, not caring if it gave the punk a good look at his privates. “That fuckin’ HURT, dickweed!”


“Hey, thanks, man. Not every day I get a compliment on a job well done!" Yusuke said, guffawing. "No sore feelings, right? Well, except for the obvious ones.” Yusuke smirked infuriatingly at his fellow Spirit Detective. Then he gave a short wolf-whistle as he looked down and noticed that that Kuwabara was a natural redhead. Not caring one bit about the angry glare Kuwabara now directed at him, he nonchalantly folded his arms behind his head and settled into a relaxful pose. He was enjoying this.


Kuwabara muttered curses as he very slowly, and carefully, drew his boxers back up over his butt. His ass felt incredibly hot and sore, and the slightest touch was like pins and needles. Even the feeling of the soft cotton rustling over his buttcheeks caused him to hiss in pain.


Yusuke started laughing when he saw how much difficulty Kuwabara was having just getting dressed, then howled even harder when Kuwabara stopped to glare at him again. The fact that his boxers were still only half-pulled over his butt only made the situation even funnier. There was just no way for Kuwabara to be intimidating while mostly naked and with a red spanked ass.


“Damn asshole . . . ” Kuwabara seethed as he finished pulling up his underwear. Still rubbing his burning buns, he hunted around the floor for where he’d tossed his pants. “Do you enjoy humiliatin' me or something?”


“Actually, yeah. I do,” Yusuke replied. He grinned as he watched Kuwabara bend over to pick up his clothes. “And from the looks of it, so do you!”


Kuwabara looked confused about what he meant, but then looked down at himself and realized that somewhere during his diatribe he’d started throwing a boner. He blushed bright red and started hopping on one foot while tugging his pants up his other leg. “Th--that doesn’t mean anything! Whatever. That’s fucked up, man . . . “


Yusuke laughed out loud. “Tell that to the guy who keeps coming back for more!”


Growling out expletives, Kuwabara shrugged his jacket on and stomped downstairs. Yusuke followed him to the door.


“See you tomorrow for your next spanking!” Yusuke grinned cheekily, and gave Kuwabara one last lingering smack on his bubble butt to prod him outside before sliding the door shut in his face.


“Ouch! Grrr, YOU’LL SEE, URAMESHI!” Kuwabara bellowed at the closed door, “TOMORROW, YOUR ASS IS GRASS!!” Kuwabara punched the door before stomping back home. With each step of the way his ass reminded him of what it had just been through with sharp jabbing pains.




* * * * *





“ . . . And that’s when you guys found me,” Kuwabara finished his story with a blush. By this point, he was lying stomach down on his bed, with his pants and underwear lowered to below his buttocks. He'd found some lotion in his sister’s room, and his three guys were taking turns rubbing it over his red, sore ass. “Oh, that feels good, guys. Yeah, keep going just like that . . . ”


The three guys looked at each other as Kuwabara's story concluded. Well, it definitely explained the red cheeks he was sporting. Still, Yusuke giving their boss an old fashioned over-the-knee spanking? Not once, but three times? If Kuwabara’s ass wasn’t proof they would never have believed it.


“Don’t worry, boss!” Kirishima suddenly spoke up, “We’ll fix that Urameshi for you! We’ll pound him into a pulp!” He held out his fists in front of him, as if he expected Yusuke to magically appear any second so he could beat on him.


“Yeah!” Okubo spoke up next. “In fact, we’ll do even better than that. We’ll pull his pants down ourselves and spank his bare ass just like he did you!”


“If anybody deserves a spanking, it’s definitely Yusuke Urameshi, the number one punk of Sarayashiki Junior High,” Sawamura said sagely, folding his arms across his chest.


Kuwabara’s eyes widened at the show of loyalty his gang was giving him, “Thanks guys,” he said, his voice a little choked up, “But, this is really something that’s just between Yusuke and me--“


“No way,” Okubo interrupted, “We’re a team, remember? We fight together, always have!”


All three guys nodded in agreement overhead. Kuwabara looked up at them from his position on the bed, his red ass totally exposed, and felt tears rolling down his face that even a bare-ass spanking from Yusuke hadn’t called forth. “Thanks, guys,” he said, genuinely touched. The bond between them as members of the gang had never been stronger.


“Besides,” Sawamura remarked as they all basked in the warm glow of friendship, “What’ll Yusuke do if we lose? Spank all four of us?”









*This fanfiction is a crossover between Danganronpa and And Then There Were None. I own neither of these, none of their characters, nor the nursery rhyme used within. They belong to their respective copyright holders.
*Major spoilers for Danganronpa 1, 2, v3 and And Then There Were None follow. You have been warned.
*Finally, this fanfiction is a fetish work. There will be weight gain, inflation, and more, but nothing explicit or too inappropriate. Still, probably NSFW. Though all characters are aged up to be young adults.
*If any of these previous warnings concern you, it is advised you do not continue reading. If you proceed, keep spoilers regarding this fanfiction, Danganronpa, or And Then There Were None to a minimum or, better yet, not at all.

~~~~~

12:43 pm.

Korekiyo Shinguji carefully removed his bowl of tomato soup from the microwave. He handled it carefully, trying to prevent it from splashing up and over the rim of the bowl. However, his careful pace was not fast enough for Byakuya Togami.

"Stop hoarding the damn microwave," he told Korekiyo. Korekiyo gave him a side glare as he grabbed a spoon and hurried into the dining room. Gonta Gokuhara was already at the table, shovelling cereal into his face. That left Byakuya in the kitchen with Nagito Komaeda.

Nagito wasn't grabbing anything to eat, "I haven't seen Kokichi much since this morning. Do you think..?"

Byakuya shook his head as he pulled the tin lid off a can, "He's locked himself in his bedroom. Didn't care enough to get him for lunch." Nagito looked up at the ceiling. Directly above the kitchen would be… Gundham's room. Well, it stopped being his room two hours ago.

"I can't help but feel responsible," Nagito admitted, "I wanted to give the boy hope by letting him know, but in the end, I only fed into his despair. God, I'm worthless…"

Byakuya shrugged, "At least you're competent enough to realize that. Want to make yourself useful?"

"Oh, I'd do anything to be useful!" Nagito said, "Anything for you, Byakuya!"

Cringing at his enthusiasm, Byakuya held up his can, "Get out of the way. You're blocking the plates."

~~~~~

1:06 pm.

Kokichi Oma couldn't sit anymore. He'd had his butt in a chair for the last three hours. He'd been slamming his head down on his desk over and over, hoping the bruising process would get the blood pumping through his head.

"C'mon Kokichi, c'mon Kokichi!" He whispered to himself, "Your plan is falling apart. That's fine. Everything is fine. You just gotta get it back on track again!"

His mind flashed back to that poem. *Five Little Indians going in for law, One got in Chancery and then there were Four.*

The others had already judged him innocent. Nothing special was even needed. It would be too perfect.

"So I'll be... the next victim?" Kokichi asked, "God, this isn't what I had planned at all!" He buried his face in his hands.

*What do I do? What can I do?*

Knockknockknock

Three knocks. Kokichi's head shot up out of his palms.

"Hewwo?" Kokichi muttered. He got no response.

There was a shadow under his door. He could see the feet. The shadow got large- *They're bending over?* -before something slid under the crack of the door.

A sheet of paper. Kokichi didn't walk towards it.

The shadow shrunk again, then walked off. The boy waited a moment before approaching the paper. The message was on the side facing the floor, so Kokichi couldn't see it until he flipped the page over.

The message was simple yet clear: "Dock"

…

"Dock?" Kokichi said out loud, "All of that… for dock!?!"

He ripped up the paper. *I'm not going…*

~~~~~

*...to regret this.*

1:22 pm.

Kokichi hopped down the sandy slope of the island. He had a dumb smile on his face. Glancing back quickly, he surveyed the windows of the house. Nobody was watching. In fact, he couldn't see anybody in the house.

*You used to be able to walk into a room and find somebody,* Kokichi thought to himself, *Five people gone, and the house has become a lot less lively.*

Kokichi couldn't decide if he preferred being watched or being alone anymore.

His slip flats crunch the coarse sand. Soon, they were thudding against the moist wood of the dock.

Kokichi looked out across the blue sea. In the distance, he could make out the pale grey shape of the mainland. *The game's been fun, all things considered,* he contemplated, *Wish it could've gone on for longer.*

The loose straps on his suit flapped in the wind. His purple bangs flopped all over, brushing his face and tickling his nose. He brought a hand up and fiddled with his checkerboard neckerchief.

*All these straps,* Kokichi thought about the straps around his legs and the belt on his waist, *Imagine how they'd feel as they dig into your skin. Growing tighter, tighter, and tighter until they burst off!* He giggled.

*And this whole suit. It already looks a bit like a straight jacket. You wouldn't be able to move as you blimp up inside of it. Your arms would get pushed out to your sides and your legs forced to unbend. You couldn't help it. The suit would feel like a second skin by that point. It'd feel so very tight around the middle, wouldn't it? I bet it rides up in certain places too."

Kokichi Oma stared blankly out at sea as his imagination started to run wild. He was so distracted, he didn't notice somebody walking down the sandy trail he walked mere seconds before.

*Would I be getting fatter?* Kokichi wondered, *Maybe I'll fill up with fizzy drinks. That's it. That's how I want to go out. Filling up with the bubbles and carbonation. I'd taste the… cola? Cream soda? Orange, cherry- no. I'd taste the grape in the back of my throat, but I just couldn't seem to release the pressure! My belly getting so big, filling up with the gases. My shirt would split right down the middle, and my big ol' gut would come spilling out! Oooh, what if it was turning purple right around the navel? I'd be a real grape!*

He chuckled. It took the creaking of old wood to snap him out of his thoughts. He spun around.

~~~~~

3:00 pm.

"Why are we here?" Byakuya complained. He and Korekiyo were both seated in the large and red cushioned chairs in the study. Nagito Komaeda has gazing lazily over the bookshelf that covered one wall, but wasn't reading a single title.

"Ah," Nagito said, "I figured you'd like to hear the rules about the 1-vote we have."

Byakuya raised an eyebrow, "Excuse me?"

Korekiyo gave Nagito a strange look, "Shouldn't everybody be here for that? Gokuhara and Oma too?"

Nagito smirked, "Gonta wouldn't understand, even if he were here. And Kokichi's preoccupied. Knowing you're going to be the next eliminated is distracting, I imagine," Korekiyo and Byakuya exchanged uneasy glances. Nagito was strange, but they both knew that already. This attitude was new. Something had changed.

Korekiyo cleared his throat, "Is there something to this 1-vote we missed? I don't understand."

Byakuya pushed a piece of hair out of his face, "Whatever. Just tell us what it is. I think at this point in the game, this 1-vote has to be used now or not at all."

"I see we're in agreement," Nagito finally turned away from the bookcase, "Oh Monokubs!"

"RISE AND SHINE URSINE!"

"WHO SUMMONED MEEEEEE?" Monokid shrieked. Monophanie screamed in pure terror.

"Youse being too loud, Monokid," Monosuke criticized, "What's up, Blondie?"

Nagito chuckled at the sight, "I'd like to ask a few questions. How exactly do we use our 1-vote?"

Monotaro jumped up, "The 1-vote!? You wanna use it now?" The three humans exchanged uneasy looks before nodding, "What!? We aren't ready!"

"You aren't ready?" Byakuya questioned.

"We need an hour's notice beforehand," Monophanie blushed, "I guess we didn't explain that very well…"

"That fucking suuuucks!" Monokid spit, "We gotta get going RN if we're going to be on time!"

"Before you go," Nagito said, "Actually, nevermind. I guess only one of you needs to stay behind to answer my stupid questions."

The five bears exchanged looked. Actually, four of them looked at the robotic Monodam while Monodam itself stared off into space.

"Nose goes!" Monosuke said. The bears hurried and touched their snouts. Monodam didn't. In fact, his arms couldn't bend in a way to even touch his nose.

"Sorry Monodam. You're on questions detail," Monophanie said.

"AFFIRMATIVE" Monodam beeped.

"SO LONG, BEAR-WELL!"

Four of the five bears vanished into thin air. Monodam stayed. Byakuya, Korekiyo, and Nagito focused on the bear robot.

Nagito stepped forward, "Well now, Monodam. I hope my questions aren't too annoying for you."

~~~~~

Nagito didn't have to worry about annoying Monodam. It was Monodam that was digging into his nerves.

"..."

"So does that mean the solo player can or can not vote in the 1-vote?" Nagito asked.

Byakuya rubbed his temples. He looked down at his watch.

3:30 pm.

He'd been listening to this nonsense for half an hour. He got up from his seat.

"Byakuya?" Nagito asked, "Where are you going?"

"Anywhere but here," Byakuya walked towards the door, but Nagito grabbed his wrist, "Who gave you permission to touch me!?"

"I'm sorry, but you can't leave!" Nagito said, "This is important information!"

Byakuya scoffed, "Hardly. Tell me when the bears get back." He struggled to pry his arm from Nagito's grasp. By then, Korekiyo was standing up.

"Komaeda, I have to ask, what are you planning?" Korekiyo said.

Nagito kept a firm hold on Byakuya and turned to Korekiyo. *His eyes!* Korekiyo couldn't help but back down. He swore Nagito's eyes had changed.

"Don't you see??" Nagito laughed, "I'm going to expose this solo player!"

"What?" Byakuya finally yanked his arm free. *He's lying. Just leave!*

"5- no, 4 more minutes," Nagito looked at Byakuya's watch, "And I'll prove to you how Gonta Gokuhara is the enemy!"

~~~~~

3:35 pm.

Byakuya and Korekiyo couldn't sit still after that. The three of them had forgotten about Monodam by then, leaving the robot to sit in a pitiful silence on the floor.

"Time's up," Byakuya pulled his sleeve over his watch, "Now tell us. What do you mean Gonta is the solo player?"

Nagito blushed, "It'll be better if I showed you," his voice dropped to a whisper. He walked slowly to the door and pushed it open. He looked back, wanting the others to follow. Byakuya followed, determined to see what was going on. Korekiyo lagged behind.

Nagito headed straight behind the stairs in the main hall. Behind the big stairs was a small door, one that led to a descending staircase. This was the way into the basement. Nagito walked down into the darkness. Byakuya looked back before following.

The cellar was cold. Byakuya swore he saw his breath leaving his mouth. Nagito didn't mind, walking down with no hesitation.

Byakuya walked down the wooden stairs before he reached the basement landing. The sight waiting for him made his heart jump.

Kokichi Oma laid flat on the floor. He whimpered, his eyes shut and his body unmoving. The rise and fall of his belly with each breath seemed to be the only sign of life. The only problem with that was… Kokichi's belly had swollen to about four feet. It has burst free from his suit, breaking the buckles and sending his pins rolling across the floor.

Positioned over Kokichi's face was a barrel. From the spout of the barrel, melted milkshake poured out into his mouth. He gulped down the beverage as his mind took subconscious measures to ensure the boy did not drown.

"Kokichi?" Byakuya uttered. *The solo player… got him?*

Nagito walked over to Kokichi, putting a hand on his belly, "Don't worry. He's hasn't been eliminated yet."

*He sure looks like he has,* Byakuya thought.

Nagito smiled, "Each victim's been blown up larger than the last. But Kokichi here? He's only had a barrel and a half," Kokichi's belly was indeed larger than the barrel pouring relentlessly onto the boy, but it was only bigger by a small margin. He wasn't even as large as Mondo Owada had gotten.

Byakuya noticed Nagito made no move to stop the flow from the barrel, so he walked forward and turned it off himself. The waterfall of milkshake into Kokichi's awaiting mouth abruptly ended, leaving him to suck in the air his lungs had been lacking.

"Guhh… uhhh…" Kokichi moaned. Byakuya looked down at him. *He's unresponsive.*

"I imagine you think Gonta did this," Nagito said.

Byakuya looked up, "Isn't that what you were going to prove?"

"No, silly," Nagito said casually, "I did this."

Before Byakuya could prod further, two sets of footsteps walked down the stairs, "I brought Gokuhara," Korekiyo said before he and the gentleman appeared at the landing. Both of them gasped upon seeing Kokichi.

"Gonta!" Nagito said, "Just the man we needed."

"Wuh?" Gonta looked between Nagito and Kokichi's belly, "What Nagito need Gonta for?"

Nagito walked up to Gonta, "I need you to take Kokichi up to his bedroom. He's going to be sore when he wakes up from this. Wouldn't want him to have to walk so far on a full stomach," Nagito instructed him.

"Gonta carry Kokichi to room?" Gonta clarified.

"His room key should be in his pocket," Nagito backed off, letting Gonta approach Kokichi.

His belly could more accurately be described as an exercise ball than any eliminated player in the game so far. Gonta eyed the ball of blown-up skin. He thought that *maybe Kokichi make nice seat with round belly like that.* He could picture himself sitting on top of the boy, and sinking into his flab as it adjusted to the weight. He would sink down in the middle as the fat made space for him, wrapping his waist in their warm plush-

*No! Not gentleman thoughts!* Gonta forced his eyes away from Kokichi's belly, instead preparing to put his arm under the boy. One arm under his head for support and the other under his knees. Gonta grunted as he picked up the heavy boy, having to choice but to accept his gut would be pressing against his face the whole trip. His skin was warm, but the milkshake inside chilled him and Gonta's face. His glasses fogged up.

"G-Gonta not see where he is going," Gonta groaned, "But Gonta carry Kokichi up to bed!" He felt his way to the stairs and slowly ascended them. Korekiyo, stunned silent, could only focus on Kokichi wobbling each step Gonta took. His belly rippled, giving Gonta a hefty smack to the face.

Byakuya looked at Nagito, "Explain. Now."

Nagito pulled up an empty barrel, "Get comfy. It's a long story."

~~~~~

"I slipped a note underneath Kokichi's door after lunch today. It was a simple note, asking him to meet me at the dock. Of course, I left myself anonymously in case he didn't come."

"I assume, by your response, that he did come?" Korekiyo started to get intrigued.

"Exactly as I had hoped. I met him on the dock, and I hit him over the head with a frying pan!" Nagito smiled, showing too much teeth to be natural. Korekiyo shivered, but Byakuya nodded for Nagito to continue.

"I carried Kokichi from the dock to this cellar. I can't believe I wasn't seen. But he's light- well, he was, so I got him here without much difficult."

"Get on with it."

"Sorry. Anyways, I set Kokichi there on the floor, as you saw him, and waited. When it was quarter 'til, I placed one, count them, one-" Nagito held up one finger, "-barrel over his face. I opened the spout, and left."

Korekiyo, who had missed the revelation earlier, was taken aback, "Y-you did that?"

"Mmm-hmm. It was around 3 because I immediately summoned the two for you into the study."

Byakuya looked at the barrel, "This story of yours doesn't prove Gonta is the solo player. If anything, I'll be inclined to vote you when the Monokubs arrive in 20 minutes."

"Then let me hurry up my explanation," Nagito patted the barrel he was sitting on, "Byakuya, how big did Kokichi's belly look to you?"

Byakuya answered, "Bigger than a barrel."

"That's right! Now Korekiyo, how long do you think it would take to drain one of these barrels?"

Korekiyo thought a moment, "Wait. How long were we all together in the lounge?"

"A half an hour, and not a second less!"

"The barrel would've emptied out in less time than that."

"Hold on," Byakuya interrupted, "We saw the barrel still pouring out drink when we walked down."

Nagito's cheeks were starting to hurt from smiling so much, "So how did the barrel get refilled? After all, based on the time it takes to drain a barrel and the size of Kokichi when we found him, he must have been drinking up his second barrel. But I couldn't have done the refilling. And neither could either of you. We were all together in the study, and none of us could've split off and come to the cellar."

Byakuya and Korekiyo thought about it. Byakuya opened his mouth, "You are going to say Gonta switched out the empty barrel for a full one during that time, aren't you."

"You're so clever! Before, when I gave Kokichi his note, I gave Gonta one too. I said, and I'm going from memory here, 'Gonta. You're the only one I can trust! Meet me down in the basement at half past 3. Signed, Kokichi Oma.'."

"You lured Gonta down here?"

"I was about 40% Gonta was the solo player, but now I'm certain I was right. I decided on this trap to single somebody out and get them to unintentionally expose themselves. When the solo player finds Kokichi helpless and already swollen on a barrel of milkshake, he wouldn't be able to resist the temptation to switch the barrel out for a fresh one. His next victim handed to him on a silver platter."

"May we see this letter you wrote Gokuhara?"

"He has it, I'm afraid. I would think, after finding Kokichi, he would throw any evidence he was down in the basement off the side of Hope's Peak to cover his trail. Sadly, we may never find it."

Byakuya fixed the glasses sliding off his face. He reckoned he must've been leaning too far forward in fascination, "You set up a trap for Gonta to unknowingly expose himself as the solo player by swapping out the barrels when nobody else could've but him?"

"That's it!" Nagito cheered, "Now you understand. If you feel the need to vote for me, trust me, I understand completely. But don't you see it now? We have hope!"

"Hope?" Korekiyo echoed uncertainly.

"Hope!" Nagito jumped up from his barrel seat, "Even when I'm gone, you now know who the enemy is! We can win this! We can't let this despair of losing overtake us now. We have the upper hand!" Nagito clutched himself, trembling with excitement, "I've always wanted to be a pawn for hope."

Byakuya rolled his eyes, "I guess I should thank you for this information. But I don't want to be here when you inevitably soil your pants."

Korekiyo looked at Byakuya, "Where are you going? Gokuhara is up there."

"Yes he is," Byakuya replied, "And in a few minutes, so too will those bears. Then we can just vote Gonta out. If he gets one of us, the other two still make up half the votes."

Nagito looked at Byakuya and smiled, "Hope prevails."

~~~~~

Gonta set Kokichi down on his bed lightly, but that wasn't enough. The bedframe creaked under the weight, making Gonta jump.

"Nononono please don't break!" Gonta whispered, "Don't wake Kokichi. He's has a bad tummy ache he need sleep off."

Gonta glanced once more at the fat boy he carried all the way up to the second floor. He couldn't tell if that sweat gleaming on the belly was from Kokichi or him. Whoever it belonged to, Gonta couldn't deny it made Kokichi shine in the sunlight entering through his window.

He also couldn't deny that his earlier comparison to an exercise ball was spot on. His skin was taut and bounced as Gonta carried him. Now, as Kokichi settled out on the bed, Gonta felt the urge to reach out a hand and feel his belly.

*Touch belly is not gentleman thing to do!* Gonta told himself. He hesitated.

Kokichi's great big ball of a gut rose and fell to a rhythm. As Gonta looked on, his mind started to enhance the little groans and sloshed his belly made. Soon, it was all that filled Gonta's ears. Kokichi's skin was so sensitive and stretched out. He couldn't lift a finger to rub his poor, aching skin.

*Maybe Gonta rub his hurting belly for him?* Gonta told himself, *Only nice to do so.*

Gonta felt his fingers lightly brush the skin on Kokichi's belly. Gradually, he lowered his hand onto the mass as to not rouse the sleeping boy. The milkshake contained chilled Gonta's palm, and Gonta could only imagine how cold Kokichi would feel when he wakes.

*Once Kokichi digest,* Gonta thought, *He covered in plush, warm fat. Never go cold again.*

Gonta carefully slid his palm across the gut. That swollen and strained gut. His hand moved in a vague circular shape akin to a belly rub. Kokichi gasped suddenly, and Gonta froze. Kokichi grumbled but did not awaken, so Gonta continued his light rubbing.

Gonta smiled, *See? Kokichi already happy.*

Slightly curling and uncurling his fingers, Gonta made sure to massage the area surrounding his belly button well. After all, the area was visibly redder. He let his fingers run over the little hole where his navel laid. Every time Gonta did, he swore Kokichi would purr. Not able to cover nearly half of the four-foot belly, Gonta brought his other hand into the mix.

He put his right hand further down the ball, more so Kokichi's side than gut. He was surprised when he felt something squishy between his large fingers. His body hadn't wasted any time in digesting the scarcely-believable amounts of milkshake and converting the sugars into enveloping fat. Gonta's attention was drawn to these unexpected side rolls on Kokichi's frame. They were small and barely grippable, but that wouldn't be the case much longer. Gonta slid his fingers through the rolls once like a credit card. He then took both hands and pinch the boy's newfound flab. If Kokichi were conscious, he'd no doubt blush from the attention.

Gonta looked at the boy's face *-So peaceful. So young.-* and wondered if his features always looked that soft. Kokichi Oma always had a youthful appearance. Was his chin so round before? His neck surely wasn't that thick. Gonta didn't linger on it.

Though his heart raced and his fingertips begged for more sensation, Gonta told himself that enough was enough. *Kokichi need a belly rub. Nothing more!* He willed his fingers down from Kokichi's sides and onto a blanket. He lifted this blanket and dragged it over his middle.

Backing away, Gonta didn't deny his eyes the pleasure of looking. Kokichi Oma looked as if he was sleeping with a beach ball under his blanket. Give him a few hours and the size of the mass would definitely decrease. But Gonta knew those excess calories would be spread out across his entire body. Nothing lost, only dispersed.

Gonta left Kokichi's room and headed for his own. He couldn't lie. He had started to sweat and felt gross within his brown suit. *Carrying Kokichi was hard work,* he told himself.

He walked towards his own room, which wasn't far. The only room between Gonta and Kokichi's rooms was Nagito's. Gonta casually opened his door and walked inside, but stopped suddenly when he heard an odd noise under his foot.

Gonta looked down. There was a piece of paper. He gingerly picked it up and read.

"Gonta, my friend,

Nagito says I'm the only person who couldn't have eliminated Gonta. That's a lie. I know you wouldn't have hurt those hamsters. That means you are the only person I can trust! Let's meet downstairs in the wine cellar at 3:30. Don't let the others know about this!

Kokichi."

Gonta blinked, *Where paper come from?*









*This fanfiction is a crossover between Danganronpa and And Then There Were None. I own neither of these, none of their characters, nor the nursery rhyme used within. They belong to their respective copyright holders.
*Major spoilers for Danganronpa 1, 2, v3 and And Then There Were None follow. You have been warned.
*Finally, this fanfiction is a fetish work. There will be weight gain, inflation, and more, but nothing explicit or too inappropriate. Still, probably NSFW. Though all characters are aged up to be young adults.
*If any of these previous warnings concern you, it is advised you do not continue reading. If you proceed, keep spoilers regarding this fanfiction, Danganronpa, or And Then There Were None to a minimum or, better yet, not at all.

~~

Togami's estate was, frankly, embarrassingly small for his family. Forty acres of lush green garden stretching out from a carved marble pool to an ornate dock resting on the edge of a jade bay. Byakuya Togami sighed as he stared out from his window. He'd have to do better once his inheritance came in.

*Why even try to fix this place up?* Byakuya thought, *It's shameful. The chosen deserves more. I deserve more.*

If he was lucky, he would be able to sell his mansion for… 17 million dollars? It'd hardly make an impact in his personal savings: $4 billion.

*Maybe because it was mine will increase the value. Probably bring it closer to $85 million.*

His reputation could do wonders when he inevitably sold his mansion. The youngest heir to the Togami corporation and fortune. The pinnacle of his fifteen siblings. In fact, the only of his fifteen siblings that will be worth a damn once he was officially the head of the Togami family.

*I've earned this,* Byakuya told himself, *I've earned my worth, my name, my reputation- … I am the chosen.*

~~

Byakuya Togami looked at himself in the smudged mirror of his room's bathroom. His hand travelled down his cheekbone and to his chin. *Soft.* The damage to his face was barely perceptible, but when he felt it, he cringed. There was an undeniable squish against the palm of his hand.

Every second his hand was away from waistband, Byakuya's pants slipped further down his leg. When the heir became distracted from his face and tried to hoist his fallen pants back up, he was appalled to find them unwilling to budge. Every desperate tug sent his ample bottom jiggling uncontrollably. Finally, Byakuya relented, letting his garment fall to his ankles.

Now, Byakuya stood shamefully, cringing as the cool air wrapped around his fleshy legs. His gold-lined underwear stretched across his globular buttocks, whining as they strained. *This outfit- it was custom tailored!* Byakuya thought.

*What is this- this- menagerie?* Byakuya bit his lip, *Why am I here? To be humiliated for somebody's twisted idea of a good time? I-I am a Togami! I do not deserve to be treated like some circus animal!*

He gulped, *What is going to happen when everybody sees me like this? All bloated and disgusted. I'll be a disgrace to the Togami name…*

Byakuya Togami leaned against the sink, feeling quite faint. Everything he's worked for. His fortune, his name…

Thud thud thud!

He peeked up. Somebody was knocking on his door. Not his bathroom door, but the door to his room.

"Byakuya? Are you still in there?"

*Nagito.*

~~

Nagito tapped his knuckles against the wood door once again, "Hello? Byakuya?"

The mansion was quiet. Wind whistled through the open and broken windows of the house. Clouds of sand rolled in through the front door. Byakuya and Nagito had left it open in their hasty retreat from the beach. They didn't even know who or what they were running from, and that only pushed them to get back inside faster.

Immediately, Byakuya Togami hurried up the stairs and sealed himself in his room on the second floor. Nagito Komaeda tried to follow, but his knocking heeded no response.

"Aww man," Nagito cursed, "Byakuya! Open up!"

His fingers were growing more sore the longer he knocked. *Will I knock until I bleed?* Nagito wondered. As that thought entered his mind, however, his knocking slowed until it ceased.

"This is it. The final hours," says Nagito, "If you've figured out who the solo player is, I'd love to hear it. It's now or never."

…

He sighed, "I'm so worthless. Can't get you to open up, can't figure out this mystery… Is that why you're ignoring me? Because I'm talentless garbage? Maybe I should just-"

*Crunch*!

Nagito perked up. That's a new sound. It came from the other side of Byakuya's door, but strangely, it sounded as if it were in the room adjacent as well. Whose room is- was that? Korekiyo's.

Knowing that Byakuya's door was locked, Nagito walked over to the door on his left. Despite having been eliminated only an hour ago, Korekiyo's room was cleaned out and reset with the key left in the lock. That meant Nagito had easy access. He twisted the handle and walked in.

Nagito Komaeda scanned the room for a brief second, but his attention was drawn to a large figure on the floor. Well, the figure wasn't large, but it definitely was bottom heavy.

"Byakuya?" Nagito asked. Byakuya Togami was sitting on his rear. His cushioned backside was crushing bits of wood, wallpaper, and insulation. "How did you get here?"

Byakuya readjusted his tie, averting his eyes and blushing. For once, he couldn't find his voice.

The luckster approached, noticing a large hole in the right wall. *Oh?* Nagito turned to the hole, "D-did your ass break through the wall?"

"If you so much as utter that sentence in your sleep," Byakuya growled, "I will have your head stuffed and mounted." Nagito chuckled, never looking away from the wall.

Byakuya squirmed uncomfortably on the floor. The debris scratched against his bare skin. The heir put his hands on the ground and rolled over onto his knees biting his lip as he did so. Even when he was on his knees, his butt cheeks spread lazily over his heels and across the ground. Comparing them to bean bag chairs wouldn't be far off from the truth. If Kokichi were around to see him, he'd probably say it's an ass truly worthy for a Togami.

Meanwhile, Nagito ran a finger along the rough edges of the hole in the wall. Something about the hole was bugging Nagito. When he finally put it into words what it was, he barely registered what he was saying.

"There's a gap in the wall," Nagito noticed, "Between your room and Korekiyo's. There's a space."

He turned back to Byakuya who managed to stand up, "Isn't that unusual?" He asked the heir, "I don't think…" Nagito trailed off as his eyes moved down.

Byakuya scoffed, "If you continue to stare, I'll break your neck."

*Break my neck? What, between your thighs?* Nagito thought. The fat on Byakuya, for some reason, solely covered his lower half. His bloated thighs sagged over his wrinkled knees, piling up in rolls on his fat calves. His cheeks swayed in the air, having become two massive, flabby balls of chub. Nagito cursed himself, *Just stop looking already!*

A pregnant pause hung in the air as Byakuya looked at Nagito and Nagito looked down at Byakuya's… lower region. After all, the latter had lost his pants, so the only article covering anything down there was a pair of black and gold undergarments stretched into a thong. They pinched into his meaty sides and pressed tightly against his bulge.

Byakuya sucked in a breath, "If your reaction is anything to go off of, you're a homosexual?"

Nagito laughed, "Is it obvious?"

"Revoltingly. I surmised the solo player is gay too. The Monokubs have been referring to them as "father", so it isn't a stretch to assume our captor is male. In addition, they invited a group of men- and not one female -to participate in an obviously sexual game."

"Well, I already have a boyfriend, so-" Nagito started, then paused, "Wait. You're accusing me, aren't you?"

With a nod, Byakuya sneered.

"That's incredibly weak reasoning. I thought somebody of your power and intellect would've come up with more."

"Please, like that's my sole reason," Byakuya stepped towards Nagito, causing the other boy to take a step back. He felt his heel knock against the wall, telling Nagito he had no room to retreat.

"You're wrong," Nagito claimed, "Why don't you tell me why you think I'm the solo player, and I'll tell you why I can't be."

Byakuya continued walking forward, "And give you time to think your way out of here?"

Nagito gulped when Byakuya got uncomfortably close. Instinctively, he leaned back. An unfortunate move since his body fell backwards through the hole in the wall while his feet couldn't. With a hard thud, Nagito fell onto his back.

The standing fat boy grabbed him by the leg. Nagito began to sweat, "B-Byakuya? What are you doing???"

~~

In the basement of the mansion, Byakuya pressed the 'play' button on the projector. The poem flickered on the screen of the theater.

"Let's begin with the trap," Byakuya said, "With Kokichi and the barrels. How could anybody have switched out those barrels except Gonta Gokuhara? The details of the scene and the trap that you kindly told us, Nagito, framed things so that Gonta was the obvious suspect."

The heir looked at Nagito. The luckster had been bound to one of the chairs in the screening room. His arms were wrapped in remnants of Korekiyo's red rope. His legs were bound in layers of duct tape. He had squirmed and struggled initially, but when he couldn't escape, he resolved to calming down and listening to Byakuya.

"We know it couldn't have been Gonta. We eliminated him with the 1-vote. So how? The simplest solution is you lied about your trap. Lied about a key detail or two to give yourself an alibi."

"Except I didn't-"

"Don't speak!" Byakuya cut off his captive. Nagito flinched, his eyes drifting towards a coffee pot Byakuya left in the seat beside him. He brought it down from the kitchen, and made it very clear why he did.

"Do not interrupt me. Do not even breath while I am speaking," Byakuya commanded. Nagito nodded.

"So you lied about your trap. Afterwards, you would have had to problem slipping away from Kokichi and Korekiyo to spike that coffee pot. If I recall, you all split up searching for cape materials."

Nagito looked down at his shoes.

"Then, how did you eliminated Kokichi and Korekiyo? Kokichi was waking up when we found him on the table, so I assume he was out to sleep somehow. It was before that time when I got you out of the basement where you claimed to find a needle."

Opening his mouth to speak, Nagito stopped himself.

"You probably drugged Kokichi and set him up on the billiard's table. After that, you moved upstairs. You went to Korekiyo's room and got rope to trap me inside my room. I remember hearing somebody go across the hall. Which room is it directly across from my room in the foyer? That would be yours, Nagito."

The boy looked confused, yet Byakuya continued.

"What were you doing there? My guess is pulling your supplies out of the vent beside your room. You just pointed out to me the space between the room walls. It's an ideal space for hiding something. Needles, chemicals, and so forth. You pulled that bear suit out, moved downstairs, and set up Kokichi's second trap."

"What?" Nagito cried, "I couldn't have physically done that. I had trapped in the basement!"

Byakuya didn't listen, "Didn't I warn you about talking?" He approached the tied-up boy.

Nagito shook his head, "L-look! Your theory is wrong! H-how did I trap myself in the basement? Break the window while I was in the hall with you? How could I have even eliminated Korekiyo?" His words fell upon deaf ears. Byakuya reached down and picked up the coffee pot.

Struggling again, Nagito shook his head. Byakuya, with a free hand, grabbed Nagito by the chin, "You must be parched by talking so much. Here," He tipped the spout of the pot into Nagito's mouth, sending the tainted liquid down his throat. Nagito gurgled, making bubbles in the coffee. His eyes looked at Byakuya in terror the whole time.

"There. All done," Byakuya calmed set down the empty pot beside Nagito. The boy sucked in air for his tortured lungs, hacking and coughing, "Are you ready to continue?"

"Here is the trick: Gonta is the red herring line. That makes sense, right? We eliminated him falsely, then wrongly assumed we were safe. Then Kokichi is the bear line. He was dressed up in that bear costume. Then what is Korekiyo? The sun line fits. Helium is one of the most common gases in the sun, and he was clearly inflated with helium on the beach."

"T-that- that doesn't make sense. You skipped the Chancery line. And that only leaves one line left, and there's two of us!" Nagito leaned forward, and gasped as he felt the back of his shirt ride up.

"Wrong. Kokichi was the Chancery line. However, he wasn't eliminated because the 'law' determined Gonta guilty."

"Then couldn't Gonta count as the Chancery line?"

"Shut up," Byakuya said, "You're trying to distract me."

"D-does that matter?" Nagito looked up at him with begging eyes, "I-I can feel myself swelling up as we speak."

Byakuya took a second to look him over. Nagito's face has lost that sharp chin and look very round and soft. His large and square-shaped shoulders were definitely higher and padded. The beginnings of two squishy moobs were visible under his shirt, and his belly was pooling in his lap. Without his jacket on, Nagito's changes were easy to see.

"As I was saying. Korekiyo is the sun line. There's only one line left because I'm the only true team player left. You're the solo player."

"Some team player," Nagito rolled his eyes. He leaned back, pulling his shirt up to his belly button.

"And Korekiyo being the sun line is a further trick. He wasn't eliminated after Kokichi. He was eliminated before. I figured that out because you would've needed his key to get into his room. That also gives you an opportunity to eliminate Korekiyo."

Nagito grinded his teeth, feeling his double chin wobble as he did so, "Then Korekiyo is the red herring line, and Gonta isn't. There's still two lines!"

"Hardly changes my conclusion. You still are in the room across the hall, where I heard somebody go. You must have lied about your trap with Kokichi. You are the constant between all these mysteries."

Nothing he could say could convince Byakuya otherwise. Nagito sighed. Tilting his head upwards, he fell back in his chair. With that, Byakuya got a clear view of Nagito's neck. The greatest feature was how all notable features on his neck were hidden under a layer of excess fat. Actually, his developing third chin could be his most notable features. On either side of his head, Nagito's shoulders rose high with adipose, acting as a makeshift neck pillow.

With his head sitting comfortably Nagito's torso swelled to fill out his chair. His belly was unrestrained by his shirt and swelled out at a constant pace. After a minute of growth, stomach fat slid over Nagito's knees like slime. It rose high into Nagito's view even when he was looking up at the ceiling.

"So tight!" Nagito complained, "Everything is so tight! My shirt. My pants. These ropes and the tape."

Nagito's shirt was pulled so tight around his chest that it functioned more as a bra for his plump breasts. Thanks to his chunky arms, his short sleeves tore at the seams after they grew too tight to be a second skin. The red ropes around his wrist dug painfully into his flesh. The duct tape around his legs was on the verge of tearing from his trunk-like legs.

As Byakuya stood in silence, Nagito whimpered. The growing boy felt both of his hips pressing out against his armrests. His lavish gut hid his padded thighs and knees and drooped under its immense weight. Every inch of the theater seat was filled with chub, yet Nagito continued to grow.

Two swollen moobs creeped up in Nagito's vision while two fat shoulders rose over his ears. It quickly became apparent that Nagito's head was in danger of being engulfed. He looked over his rising stomach at Byakuya, though only the heir's head remained unobstructed.

Byakuya looked into Nagito's disappearing eyes. The boy wasn't begging for there was nothing either could do to stop the transformation. Yet Nagito held no anger or hate in his face. His expression was unreadable until he spoke one final time.

"You won't believe me, but… I still wish you the best. I know that you can win this game. You gotta win! Otherwise… what was this for?"

Then everything became clear. His flushed cheeks and dimpled as he laughed. Byakuya felt nauseous. Even as his body ballooned outwards and swallowed him up, Nagito still found hope. Hope that his elimination would allow Byakuya to win. Hope that it wouldn't be in vain.

Moving his eyes down, Byakuya spotted the bottom of Nagito's gut firmly pressing against the carpet. Fat spilled over the armrests and piled up in thick rolls. A crease in his middle formed at his navel, the upper half quivering on top of the mass of adipose. Dimples of cellulite covered the bottom of the blob.

Nagito groaned, his stomach growling like a feral beast. His flesh rumbled and rippled as it released the terrible sound. Having to witness such a thing nearly made Byakuya dry heave. He would have if he were not distracted by the ever familiar-

"RISE AND SHINE, URSINE!"

"We're back, you bastards!" Monophanie chirped.

Monotaro scratched his head, "Erm, bastard? Where's the other one?"

"Here's the fucker!" Monokid spat, "He's the blonde pile of lard!" To prove his point, the blue punk bear pressed his two paws into the fleshy blob. The mass oozed around his hands, shaking and shivering, while Nagito's groans were masked by his upset stomach.

Byakuya rested his hands on his hips, which protruded enough to act as nearly perfect armrests, "Hey, bears. How much longer are you going to keep me on this island?"

"Youse still gots an hour or two. That bastard? Not so much," Monosuke took off his glasses and began wiping the lenses on his yellow fur.

"Figured as much. I presume he's going on that boat with Gonta?" Byakuya asked, "That is, assuming that boat is where all the other eliminated players end up."

"AFFIRMATIVE," responded Monodam, "BASTARD NAGITO WILL JOIN THE OTHER BASTARDS ON THE MONOBOAT FOR THE REVERSION PROCESS."

"Reversion process?" Byakuya raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah! Those losers will have their glorious guts suctioned off, their bloated butts deflated, until they're good as new!" Monokid explained.

"They'll be back to their normal selves like this game never happened!" Monophanie said.

Monotaro chuckled, "If they choose to go back. Father is so kind he gives them the choice to change back or stay all fat and shit."

Monosuke replaced his glasses, "No matter what they choose, we wiped their mem'ries too. It's to avoid the lawsuits."

Byakuya sighed, "So this… ass of mine will be gone after this game? That's a relief."

"NOPE!' Monokid cried. Byakuya couldn't hide the confusion on his face.

Monophanie deflated, "You see, only the eliminated get their bodies and minds reversed. Since you're going to be the last person on the island, you're guaranteed to win. In which case-"

"No reversion for youse!" Monosuke chuckled, walking up behind Byakuya and smacking his cheek, "I hope your tailor likes you and your doors are double!"

Byakuya grabbed his ass to stop it from wobbling. He was mildly successful, "What!? I demand you change me back!"

Monotaro shook his head, "No can do. Father's orders."

Byakuya's face grew red. Then, he heard muffled chuckling. Nagito's head, barely free him his immense chest. "Shut up!" Byakuya growled.

"But it's funny!" Nagito cackled, "L-look at the last line again!" Byakuya turned his head towards the screen where the poem was projected.

"One Little Indian left all alone,
He went and hanged himself and then there were None."

"What's so funny?" Byakuya wondered.

Nagito seemed to be winding down, "I-if you want to slim down, you have to be eliminated! But if you're the last person here…"

"I'd have to eliminate myself," Byakuya finished, "and finish the poem."

For a few seconds, the only sound in the screening was four Monokubs attempting to push the immobile luckster form his theater seat. Byakuya stood in tense silence, his fists clenched and his body trembling.

"Was this your plan the whole time!?" Byakuya rushed at Nagito, "To make me look like an idiot? Make me think I won, then pull the rug out from under me? Were you even scared when I tied you up and threatened you? Or did you let me do that, knowing that all this-" Byakuya grabbed a thick side roll on Nagito and gave it a shake, "-would be gone?"

"What?" Monotaro asked, "I'm confused."

"D-do you believe Nagito is our father?" Monophanie questioned.

"He has to be!" Byakuya replied.

"NEGATIVE. BASTARD NAGITO IS NOT OUR FATHER," Beeped Monodam, his robotic tone cold and devoid of compassion.

Byakuya backed away, "Impossible…"

Nagito looked at himself, which wasn't very hard to do, "'Two Little Indians sitting in the sun, One got frizzled up and then there was One.' You're the star, Byakuya. You've been the star player thjs whole time. And you frizzled me up for sure."

"This- this was all his plan?" Byakuya cringed.

"The solo player probably left already on the, ahem, 'Monoboat'," Nagito said, "First as an eliminated player, then against after eliminating Kokichi and Korekiyo."

Byakuya grabbed the collar of his shirt, "He probably left so I'd be forced to eliminate myself and complete the rhyme." He looked up, feeling sweat trickled down his face.

"The question is," Nagito said, "Are you going to do it?"

"What choice do I have?" Byakuya said, "Looking like this, I'd bring disgrace to my family. I wouldn't be surprised if they usurped me and appointed a new head. A head that isn't some fat loser. At the least, if I eliminate myself, then I'll go back to how I was. I won't have any memory of this game, so everything will go back to how it was."

The decision seemed clear. Now, how would he-

"That's wrong!" Nagito tried to sit up, but moving anything on his body besides his eyes was impossible, "You can still win this!"

Byakuya scoffed, "Be realistic."

"I am. Didn't I tell you? You have to win this game! And that means not finishing the poem."

"You wouldn't understand. Somebody like you could never understand. You grew up in the 99%, living your entire life dreaming and hoping. You would never know what it's like to actually have something worthwhile to lose. Besides, you get your transformation undone. If I don't do this, then I'm trapped in this body."

"I thought Togami's were winners," Nagito mumbled.

Byakuya hesitated, "We are. I am a winner. I am the chosen."

"Some winner, letting a little fat butt get to you."

*Little?* Byakuya thought.

Nagito continued, "You played this game for three days. You outlasted every other player in this game. Think about the sacrifices made for you to get you here."

Byakuya paused. His mind went back to Makoto Naegi on the morning of the second day in the game. *Why am I thinking about some commoner? He's gone. He won't even remember meeting me. He's inconsequential.*

"The Ten Little Indians… it's how he's going to eliminate us…" Makoto had said.

*He wouldn't have told me that if he didn't want me to succeed,* Byakuya realized, *He was already a goner, yet… he helped me anyways. It would be such a waste to...*

"Are you just going to let the solo player win?" Nagito said.

"… No," Byakuya uttered. That lone syllable was so quiet only Byakuya himself heard it, but that was all that mattered, "No. I won't let this solo player beat me."

"Excuse me?" Monosuke gasped, "You heard us, right?"

"No elimination equals no reversion. It's basic math!" Monokid said.

"I don't care anymore," Byakuya replied, "I refuse to lose! Whether this game or any game you throw me into! Byakuya Togami is not a loser!"

Monophanie hurried over to Byakuya, and began tugging on his leg, "B-but Father will lose! You must!"

Byakuya kicked the pink bear off his foot. She bounced off into the corner of the room, "I bet you were sent here to tell me about the reversion process. Trick me into cooperating with my enemy."

Monotaro raised a paw, "So what do we are? Isn't it better for you in ever way to just, I dunno, lose this one time? You won't even remember it!"

"Even if I don't remember, at least one person in this world would: the solo player. Just imagining now that somebody would look at me and laugh, knowing that they had beaten me, Byakuya Togami- it makes my blood boil."

Nagito smiled, "So that's it?"

It was Byakuya's turn to smile, "That's it. I win. Byakuya Togami wins once again."

The five Monokubs were silent, exchanging looks of fear. Had it ever occurred to them that their father might fail?

"If it means anything," Nagito said, "You could definitely pull off the whole 'I don't need a throne because I am the throne' thing."

"One more word out of you and I'll have you shot."

"WARNING! WARNING! T-MINUS 60 MINUTES UNTIL THE CONCLUSION OF THE FILLING GAME!"

Byakuya approached Monodam. His wide shadow easily covered the plush-sized bot. The green bear ran the calculations. With a backside that heavy...

"Now, I do believe we can spend that hour discussing the winner's reward."
~~
(Author's Note: I am curious who you, the audience, think is the solo player. From my perspective, I can't tell if I made their identity too obvious or impossible to guess. Leave your prediction down in a comment below, the whopping two of you that actually cared about the mystery.)















This fanfiction is a crossover between Danganronpa and And Then There Were None. I own neither of these, none of their characters, nor the nursery rhyme used within. They belong to their respective copyright holders.
*Major spoilers for Danganronpa 1, 2, v3 and And Then There Were None follow. You have been warned.
*Finally, this fanfiction is a fetish work. There will be weight gain, inflation, and more, but nothing explicit or too inappropriate. Still, probably NSFW. Though all characters are aged up to be young adults.
*If any of these previous warnings concern you, it is advised you do not continue reading. If you proceed, keep spoilers regarding this fanfiction, Danganronpa, or And Then There Were None to a minimum or, better yet, not at all.

~~~~

The only sound that echoed throughout the second story of the house was the subtle splash of shower water from Gonta Gokuhara's room. He was left out of the meeting in the study and never got filled in the 1-vote that was about to happen, so he hopped into the shower.

*It makes no difference in the end,* Korekiyo Shinguji pondered, *Togami, Komaeda, and I will all be using our votes on him. His personal vote matters very little.*

Korekiyo was able to get into Kokichi Oma's room easily. Gonta had foolishly left his room key in the lock, so Korekiyo walked in. He figured that Kokichi should know who to vote for when the time comes. They didn't know how much, if any, Kokichi knew about Nagito's plan. He could vote for Nagito if he saw him at the dock. Or he might realize Gonta's the solo player if he woke up early and witnessed the giant gentleman switch the barrels.

With that in mind, Korekiyo pulled up a chair and sat beside Kokichi. The boy was underneath a blanket on his bed. Korekiyo could scarcely believe that Kokichi had gotten so large as the dome under the covers rose up higher than Korekiyo's head as he sat. Kokichi used to be the lightest and smallest of them all. Now, as Korekiyo looked over the bedridden boy, the anthropologist had to wonder who was heavier: Kokichi or Gonta.

*Muscle undoubtedly is denser and heavier than fat, yet there's just so much more of you, Oma,* Korekiyo thought. Under his mask, his lips curled into a smile.

He tugged the blankets just enough so Kokichi's arm was visible. He took a bandaged hand and placed it on that arm. Korekiyo never would have guessed fat could form so fast, but when your body either has to digest what it's got or burst, you can do incredible things. His arms were thick and plush with fat. His white sleeve ordinarily was loose and baggy. Now a person could easily be convinced the sleeves were tailor-made with how smoothed and tight they'd grown. Wrapping his fingers around Kokichi's elbow, Korekiyo's fingers got nowhere close to touching.

Korekiyo put both hands under Kokichi's limb and slowly lifted it off the bed. His hand dropped lazily and he did not stir. *This slumber goes beyond what I expected,* Korekiyo wondered, *Komaeda may have done serious harm with that pan strike.*

Despite this, he continued to hold up his flabby arm. He took a hand and dragged it down the limb, feeling the excess fat squish beneath his fingers like wet clay. When he squeezed, the blubber morphed around his hand. As he lifted, the underarm flab swung low and clapped against either Kokichi's fat side or Korekiyo's forearms. It was very much like holding a sleeve filled to capacity with water balloons. Playing with the boy almost was… therapeutic.

At that moment, Korekiyo began to recall some of his findings during his career as an anthropologist. *I remember… those civilizations that found obesity not repulsive, but beautiful,* Korekiyo's hand travelled up to Kokichi's shoulder, *Being fat meant you were a success! You're crops were more than enough and the Gods were favoring you. It was a sign of wealth and prosperity.*

Kokichi's shoulder felt so padded. Korekiyo would have checked for pillows stuffed under his shirt if the seams weren't beginning to split, revealing to the world the pale and stretch skin. Korekiyo looked at Kokichi's face, so round compared to before. His mouth hung open, squishing his new second shin. Korekiyo could cupped his hand around those swollen cheeks. *Chipmunk Oma.*

*That face… it is objectively beautiful,* Korekiyo thought. Though, in his heart, he knew his true love lay elsewhere, he couldn't help but feel he and only he could truly appreciate this moment.

"KOREKIYO!"

Korekiyo Shinguji turned as he heard his name called. Kokichi Oma remained sound asleep.

"The bears must have returned," Korekiyo knew. He turned back to Kokichi, "but I thought you'd be awake for the 1-vote."

The boy was clearly breathing, so Korekiyo took two fingers and felt Kokichi's neck. He had to reach around that swollen chest only to struggle to find a pulse under the layers of fat. Eventually, he found the beat and counted quietly to himself.

"A bit high, but that's to be expected," Korekiyo noted.

"KOREKIYO?"

He sighed. He had to go and vote. *Oma, what's the matter? Why aren't you waking up?*

~~~~

In the main hall of the mansion, Korekiyo met Byakuya Togami and Nagito Komaeda at the bottom of the stairs. Five colorful bears blocked the front doors.

"Eh? Is this all youse left?" Monosuke asked.

Monophanie clapped, "Papa's really been getting to work! Two days are finished and only three remain!"

Byakuya scoffed, "There's two more than us, but we're the only ones who matter."

"I'm sorry?" Monotaro wondered.

"All three of us are voting for Gonta Gokuhara!" Nagito exclaimed.

"ERROR. BASTARD KOMAEDA CAN NOT ENTER VOTES ON OTHER BASTARDS BEHALF."

"It is the truth," Korekiyo said, "We have discussed it, and we three will be voting for Gokuhara."

Monokid jumped, "Holy shiiiit!!! The three of you alone just mean- like wooooaaah!"

Monotaro scratched his head, "Do we even need to ask the other… two?"

"Gonta's single vote won't change anything," Byakuya stated matter-of-factly.

Korekiyo added, "And Oma's still unconscious and recovering. He is unable to vote, I'm afraid."

"FINAL CONFIRMATION," Monodam beeped, "BASTARDS NAGITO BYAKUYA KOREKIYO SUBMIT VOTE FOR BASTARD GONTA??"

The three men voiced their agreements. The five bears started shaking.

"This is it, this is the moment!" Monotaro cheered.

Monophanie raised an arm- paw- stub- what? "Let's do it! Let's make Papa proud!"

"It's time, my dudes!" Monokid stuck out his tongue, "Time for the Monokubs Mono-Elimination!"

Byakuya, Nagito, and Korekiyo exchanged uneasy glances. If they were voting the solo player, why were these bears so happy?

~~~~

Gonta stepped out of his bath with a towel wrapped around his waist. The water had long been cold as Gonta accidentally had fallen asleep. He must've been relaxed and not thinking. Not like it mattered too much. He was way too tall to drown by mistake.

The towel barely brushed his ankles, but it covered up the… ungentlemanly parts. In the foggy mirror of the bathroom, Gonta's clear abs and muscles reflected in all their glory. His hair was wet and fell very far down his body, and Gonta couldn't see clearly without his glasses.

*Gonta sure he left glasses right on sink,* he wondered. He felt around but found nothing, *Maybe Gonta drop them under bed?*

When he reached for the door, however, Gonta was surprised when he felt the knob. It didn't budge. Not even a centimeter. He tried twisting it harder until-

SNAP

His eyes grew wide as the handle popped off the door. Except it wasn't a door. The doorknob was a false, and the door wasn't even a real door.

*G-Gonta confused. What happen to door?*

He pounded a fist and cried out, "Hello? Anybody there? Gonta… lock himself in?"

Saying it out loud didn't sound right. He hadn't locked himself in. Somehow, the door vanished and was replaced by a wall. Said wall only looked like a door.

Gonta raised his voice, "Hello!?"

~~~~

Standing on the slippery dock, Byakuya, Nagito, and Korekiyo all watched as an unbelievably large ship floated adjacent to the island.

*No wonder those bears needed an hour's notice,* Byakuya realized, *This boat couldn't have been stored nearby. But… how? And why?*

There was a space on the side of the boat where a window noticeably larger than the other windows was. One of the Monokubs- the yellow one, Monosuke- was glad to inform the three players on the dock that it was a one-way mirror. They could see what was happening inside the room, but anybody inside couldn't see out. That explains why the naked Gonta was pounding on the wall crudely painted like a door and not the window. Byakuya was glad that he'd put on a towel before realizing he'd been trapped.

Monophanie and Monodam were "kind" enough to explain to the players how they'd knocked Gonta unconscious with a gas while the "manly" bears carried him to his prison on the ship. They decided that it was only fair to have witnesses to Gonta's elimination so there weren't rumors of cheating. So any able players were brought out to the dock to watch.

"This certainly is not what I expected," Korekiyo rested a hand against his cheek.

Nagito laughed, "I guess the solo player wouldn't want to go out like the rest of us."

Byakuya fixed his glasses that kept sliding off his face, "This better be done with quickly."

~~~~

All the while ignorant that he was being watched, Gonta Gokuhara pounded on the false door. His shouting was heard, but there was nobody to help him. If only he had been quieter, then he might have heard the tiles behind him shifting noisily in their slots. The cracks between the black and white tiles split and grew apart. Caulking cracked and fell into the space below the room. It was only when a tile underneath Gonta's bare foot shifted that he finally turned.

"Huh- Gah!" Gonta gasped. The floor had patches suddenly missing, revealing a dark space. As he looked on, tiles detached themselves and tumbled into the dark. Gonta pounded harder and shouted louder than before, yet nobody would come before the tile under Gonta succumbed to the breaking. No longer on stable ground, Gonta fell back and into the darkness, joining the tiles wherever this path may lead.

The fall was over in seconds, but Gonta would never forget that feeling. The feeling of plummeting into the unknown, wondering if it would be better to keep falling a little longer or find out what waited for him already. His heart almost felt loose within his chest as he could've sworn it traveled up into his throat. Or perhaps that was the blood rushing up into his head.

What waited below for Gonta was a large, white, and rubber balloon. When the gentleman hit the balloon, it stung but didn't hurt. He kept falling as he pressed into the rubber. Further he fell into the balloon, the rubber gradually slowing his fall down. He could scarcely believe how inflated this balloon was. How far had he fallen into the rubber?

Gonta was barely falling anymore. What he was doing was more akin to sinking. He felt the material everywhere against his naked body except for his legs. Miraculously, his towel was tied tight enough to not fall off in the fall. Gonta struggled, barely able to move in this environment until-

POP

The balloon ruptured. Gonta fell about a foot more before landing on something much harder. *Metal?* He looked up, unable to even see where he came from in the darkness.

"BASTARD GONTA GOKUHARA HAS ARRIVED!"

A voice rang out. Gonta grabbed his towel, dripping in sweat and soapy water.

"Let's get on some fuckin' lights!"

Lights suddenly came on, and Gonta shielded his eyes with a hand. At least he could see what he was sitting in now. *Big metal bowl..?*

There was another "bowl" in this room too, but it was much lower than the one Gonta sat in. That bowl had 5 oversized blocks in it. On the bottommost block, a face with a scarf and tuft of hair was drawn.

*Gundham?*

The blocks on top each had their own faces.

*Kazuichi… Chihiro… Makoto and Mondo?*

Because he lacked the vocabulary to describe his situation, Gonta couldn't understand what was happening. Gonta wouldn't be able to understand that he was sitting in a large balance, and on the other side of the scale was thousands of pounds of weight.

A female voice- Monophanie -called out, "Okay! The cameras up, so let's get ready to-"

"FREAKIN' RRRRRRRUMBLE!"

"Bwa! That's terrifying!"

*Camera?* Gonta was understandably confused and concerned. His stress only increased tenfold when something dropped from above. When he flinched and shut his eyes in response, he was surprised to not be hit by the falling object. Cracking open his eyes, Gonta realized the object was a hose dangling in front of his face.

A robotic cry echoed through the chamber, followed by the hose wiggling something fierce. Gonta didn't have time to react or protect himself when the shaking hose dove straight for his open mouth. Gonta's eyes grew wide. Cold metal forced its way passed his lips and down his throat, gagging him. He grabbed the hose and pulled, but somehow, his muscles weren't enough to free it from his mouth. He whimpered.

The hose, still stretching upwards into the unseeable dark, shook and wiggled like a threatened snake. The cool rubber smacked Gonta across the face and stretched the edges of his mouth. *W-what happen now? And… why?* Gonta squirmed in his metal bowl. Why must his bowl have been lifted so high? Maybe he could've jumped for safety if the other end of the scale wasn't keeping him firmly trapped on his elevated platform.

The hose's movements grew more and more intense as something forced its way downwards. Gonta grabbed the hose desperately, praying it would release him before that something reached him. Alas, he was not that lucky. The metal tip of the hose began to furiously spray water down the gentleman's throat. He choked initially, coughing and gagging understandably, but that didn't stop the water from working down his system and into his stomach.

Gonta couldn't tell how quickly the hose was spraying. All he knew was that it was filling him up fast. He swallowed whenever the water filled his mouth, but otherwise the process was happening regardless of what he did. Gonta was forced to look upwards where the hose stretched on forever, but, as he finally accepted this was truly happening, he let go of the hose and brought those hands to his aching stomach.

His hands contacted a squishy surface far sooner than Gonta expected. A whimper escaped his lips thought it was nearly drowned out by the flowing water. Resting in his lap was a jiggly belly. His hands wrapped around the chub at first. His fingers squeezed it, acting on a wish to either prove this wasn't reality or to press some of the water out. His palms pressed in on either side, so the belly oozed out wherever it could like a stress ball. When his hands finally withdrew, their pressure left as well, and Gonta's water-logged belly clapped noisily against his lap and crotch.

Gonta grabbed the side of his growing gut and lifted it up. The sheer volume of water inside a belly the approximate size of an exercise ball made his arms tremble. The bottom of the fleshy orb scrapped his towel no matter how high he lifted, telling Gonta how big he was without needing to look down. He took one side of his belly and shook it, smacking his thighs and rippling his flesh. Gonta's arm started to shake in fatigue, so he couldn't help but drop himself.

His lap was overtaken by his stretched tummy. It glorped and churned audibly, unhappy with being pumped full with gallons of water. Gonta's skin was stretched smooth, yet managed to sag over his legs. It was steadily spreading out, and certainly would overtake his knees in a minute. Gonta tried to shake his head to perhaps loosen the hose. No luck. He gurgled the water in the back of his throat.

~~~~

Nagito was almost bored as he watched. Through the window on the side of the ship, he could only make out some iron bowl. He sighed.

"I thought we'd get to see something, at least," Nagito said, "To prove this was a genuine elimination."

"Waste of my time," Byakuya muttered.

Just when it seemed Byakuya was going to turn around and head back, Korekiyo gasped.

"Could that be..?" Korekiyo out a hand to his mask. Nagito looked closer.

At the top of the bowl, a skin-colored ball started to rise over the rim of the bowl into view. Nagito's eyes grew wide and Byakuya fixed his glasses.

As the ball rose higher, more could be made out about it. A head adorned with an absolute mess of lengthy brown hair squirmed on top. Soon, arms could be seen waving on the sides, unable to reach anything and instead spinning in pointless circles. His hands grasped at nothing. Each swing and squirm made his body wobble and shake.

Nagito couldn't help but smile, *Finally!*

~~~~

Gonta felt his own rising flesh pressing under his chin. His cheeks brushed his swollen shoulders. His back rolls propped up the back of his head. The shape of his neck rolls propped his head up where he could only gaze up. Though he squirmed and struggled as much as he could, Gonta could not escape his own body nor turn his head to look anywhere else.

The water started to infiltrate his arms in search of places to fill. Now, they had been reduced to flabby rings with comically tiny hands that couldn't do a thing but flap. Flap and twist in their little pockets of flesh. They were on either side of the abundance of Gonta Gokuhara. An abundance that filled the whole 10 foot wide bowl.

Anybody would agree he filled out that bowl nicely. On one end, a bit of waist bulged over the rim. On the other end, a cushioned bottom fitting for a hippopotamus barely squeezed into the bowl. The top third of Gonta was free for the world to see, but it was nothing more than a conglomeration of blubber and folds.

Gonta tried to shout, and water bubbles spewed from his mouth. He only felt like a head anymore. A head trapped on top of some alien body that was rapidly losing all vaguely human shape. He could feel his own girth pressing on him from below, threatening to grow further still and eventually consume him completely. He clenched his fists, noticing how his fingers dug into his flabby sides. What had he done, to whom, to deserve this?

~~~~

"Gaawwwwd this is taking forever!" Monokid complained, "I got a boredom boner. Can't we speed this up a little?"

The five colorful bears had taken a temporary residence on top of their victim. He stretched on for feet, so there was more than enough room. Gonta had been packed so tight that his skin was starting to become see-through.

Monosuke shook his head, "Nuh-uh! Everything is running the fastest it can! The outer pump is open all the way, the water purifier is just dumping everything it gets the moment it gets it, the hose can only run so fast…" He held up a paper with all the mathematical mumbo-jumbo and readjusted his glasses.

Monotaro too was growing somewhat bored with how painfully looking their elimination was taking, "Eh. We got it mostly done with. I'm sure the players got the idea, so maybe Father won't mind if we-"

"NEGATIVE!" Beeped Monodam, "BASTARD GONTA WEIGHT EQUAL LESS THAN TARGET WEIGHT. MONODAM FORBID THE ABORT-"

"Shut UP!" Monokid smacked Monodam hard enough to topple the robot. The hunk of metal bounced on the "ground", triggering a low murmur from nearby. Specifically, a hole in the surface. Above the hole, Monophanie messed around with a tangled brown mess that protruded from the depression. She was picking apart clumps and pulling as much hair straight as she could. She couldn't help it. Messing around with hair was satisfying. It was relaxing, even.

It was hard to see more than a foot into the pit. However, Monophanie could see what she recognized as a pair of red eyes. His ears, chin, and forehead were buried comfortably in what felt like a waterbed. His face was all that was left uncovered, but it could only stare through the tunnel of pudge. Red eyes looked at Monophanie, begging for pity and perhaps help. A nose sniffled. A mouth still wrapped around the rubber hose.

The swishing and swirling waters within Gonta filled his ears. That was the only thing he could hear anymore. Liquid pressed the sides of his head, separated only by a thin layer of skin. Maybe, if the context was not Gonta-being-forced-to-chug-thousands-of-gallons-of-sea-water, it would've been relaxing to him. Like some background audio that you might listen to to wind down for the night or concentrate on work.

Gonta's tongue ran across the spout of the hose. In the hour (or hours? It felt so long…) that it had been stuck in Gonta's mouth, it hadn't lost that disgusting metallic taste. *Why Gonta stuck with hose anyways? Mondo get drink, Kazuichi fruit… but Gonta get water!*

He struggled to put his sense of touch into understandable sentences. His very bottom was still trapped in the bowl, yet the rest of him sagged over the edges enough to hide the bowl completely. Trying to imagine what that may look like on the outside, Gonta conjured the image of a poorly-made cupcake that had oozed over the sides of its cup while baking. He wondered how far off from the truth he was.

Gonta gazed upwards, trying to look through the gaps in the hair obscuring his face. He made out some pink figure up above- the bear Monophanie. He felt his hair being pulled sometimes forcefully. But beyond that was only darkness.

It wasn't much to see at all. Yet Gonta knew even that was being taken away from him. The sides of the fleshy tunnel were wobbling and always pushing out- wait, in more and more. The cave was becoming slimmer by the second as Gonta transformed into a mountain.

His eyes darted from side to side. He felt pressure creeping up his cheeks and chin. That slow conquering of Gonta's face was centimeters in size, yet Gonta wanted every precious centimeter. *Please no!* He cried out in his thoughts.

Less light was reaching his face. Fat rolled slowly over Gonta's eyebrows, and he felt that brush against his eyelashes. His bottom lip was no more. Either side of his nose was pinched between flabby masses. The tunnel was so small now! Gonta twitched his face as wherever he could just so he could tell what wasn't enveloped in plush fat yet.

There was barely any light now. Gonta couldn't see a thing with his own flesh over his eyes. The tip of his nose sank below the pudge that also rolled over his upper lip.

Then, the hole closed up over the rubber hose. Gonta was gone.

Monophanie held onto a couple clumps of brown hair still. However, she felt them slipping through her paws. Each strand looked like it was being pulled into cracks. Chunks were sucked down, then curls. Ragged ends were the last to disappear, vanishing the last of any features that could've possibly identified Gonta Gokuhara.

Monophanie sighed in disappointment before she felt a sudden jolt under her feet. She wasn't the only one taken by surprise. Her four brothers all wobbles and struggled to balanced amid the shift.

The huge metal bowl was beginning to lower. Finally, an hour into the elimination, Gonta started to tip the scale. As his bowl lowered, the opposite bowl holding the weights ascended.

Monokid cheered, "FREAKIN' FINALLY!"















The next morning started just as the one from before. Kyle and Hope woke in eachothers arms then showered together. They were quiet for a long while, neither having much to say to the other. The fun thing about their budding relationship was that neither needed to vocalize anything to feel what the other did or wanted. Their actions spoke just as much as their words - which was a benefit to Kyle. He wasn’t really that good with words so knowing he could be read by how he presented himself made life easier.

For the first time in a long while, Kyle felt like going out to get food for dinner for them. He could have eaten anything so he let Hope decide. Funnily enough, she mentioned really wanting breakfast for dinner so that worked out for him. He knew of a place that served twenty-four hour breakfast for the two to sit in and eat. That is… if Kyle could.

Another problem Kyle faced was having social anxiety. It wasn’t horrible until he was in larger crowds. If it was only a few people, he would probably be fine. However, he made sure to let Hope know that. She didn’t entirely understand what his problem was but he reaffirmed that she would know if things got too, too bad. Even then, he didn’t think it would be a problem as it would be with her and probably just some waiter.

He could deal with that.

The two waited a bit longer before heading out. If Kyle was worried about people, she could wait just a tiny bit longer to eat. The longer they waited, the less likely he was going to be around other people and trigger this… social anxiety problem. Eventually the two of them figured that it was late enough for it to be fine. So they both got ready and headed out.

The walk to the diner was both quiet and short. In almost no time at all, they got there and took their seats. Or rather, Kyle found them a spot and Hope sat on the ground next to him. He still couldn’t even believe how big she really was. He always thought flareon were on the smaller side, only a little bigger than eevee. But Hope was much bigger than that, just a hair shorter than a mightyena. Her head easily poked over the table.

It didn’t take long for a waitress to show up. After getting their orders, the two of them were left alone. After a relatively quiet day, Hope finally spoke up. “Would you be okay if we started our talk now? You know, the one I mentioned last night?” she asked him.

“Nothing too personal out here. Is that fine?” he asked her. She nodded, completely understanding that request.

“Promise you’ll give honest answers?”

“As long as you do,” he told her with a smile. She smiled back then nodded.

“Okay. So, all we really ever do is sit around at home. While I am more than fine with that, there isn’t ever much you do. I just watch you sit around. Sometimes you have music on. Do you have a certain kind of music you like?” she asked him curiously.

“I love music,” he began almost immediately. “I love everything that has a fast beat to it. If we’re ever just sitting together and you see me like… bobbing my head or something, I’m probably thinking of music. I’ve wanted to go to a few concerts before but…” he trailed off with a shrug.

“Why haven’t you? Is it because of this… social anxiety, you mention?” she asked.

“Exactly. Concerts have huge crowds and being grouped in big ones really freak me out. Like I just… can’t handle it. School was hard enough - I couldn’t imagine bigger than that.”

“What if I was there to make sure you were okay? Would you go then?” Kyle thought for a moment. It seemed like a really fun thing to do. He’d seen so many music videos of his favorite songs where everyone is dancing and bouncing to the music. It looked like a lot of fun but being surrounded by people just seemed like too much. Even with her there, it wasn’t likely he’d be able to.

“Probably not. Like I wish I could but… it just seems like it’d be too much for me,” he answered with a sigh. She nodded, though sort of upset that was the answer he gave. The smile he had when he was talking about music made it seem like he was passionate about it. “Would you mind if I ask about your past trainers?”

“Hmmm…” Hope hummed for a second. She wasn’t too sure how to describe them. “They were… okay, I guess. My first one I wouldn’t really consider a trainer. She was a really, really competitive battler. Around the time she picked me up, I was still learning to battle. I was really young so being pushed so hard kind of put me and her on differing views. We both mutually agreed I wasn’t the right pokémon for her, which is when I was picked up by my second, and previous, trainer.”

Kyle listened to her intently. The girl she described seemed to put a nasty expression on her face. But then when she got to this next person, her entire demeanor changed. “He was a really nice guy. We weren’t like… best friends but we did have a mutual respect for one-another. If he needed anything, I was there. If he saw I had any kind of problem, he was all over it. He never let anyone hurt me. We were together for… man… years,” she said with a small smile. “I learned a lot while with him. Funnily enough, he was the guy who took my virginity. From there, we both learned a lot about that stuff.”

“You sound like you really enjoyed your time with him,” Kyle said as he continued listening. She nodded slowly to him.

“I really did. I’m grateful for my time with him…”

“What happened? How come you’re not with him still?” he asked her curiously. She let out a sad sigh and he immediately felt bad for asking. Obviously this guy meant something to her to make her seem this way.

“He met a girl. Him and I never had like… romantic feelings for each other. So I’m glad he found someone, but that meant him and I couldn’t do things together anymore. We stayed together for a long time while they dated and things kept getting more and more serious…” she said quietly. He rested a hand on her head where she looked up and gave him a reassuring smile that she was okay. “They got married. The girl never minded me being around or anything or hinted at jealousy. She knew from the get-go what him and I were and said she had no problems until they got together. After getting married, I mentioned how I needed someone for my needs and said it might be best for him and I to part ways. We all hated the idea because she was a sweet girl but… I don’t regret it at all.”

“You don’t?” he raised an eyebrow at her. She shook her head quickly and her smile grew even brighter. “How come?”

“I was in an adoption center for a long while. A lot of people turned me down because of being “older” which is a load of bull. Put me in a ring right now and I’ll dominate. But anyways, I don’t regret it because now I’m with you,” she said as she leaned her head into him. Kyle couldn’t help but smile brightly at her. “I would rather have you than him any day.”

“Really? You would?” he asked with the same smile.

“Of course. You don’t realize how much fun I’ve had being around you. I feel like I have a purpose now and I have goals again. After he got with that girl, I felt… lost. Like I was missing something. And I think you’re filling that.”

“Goals? What do you mean?” asked Kyle. She gave a small chuckle and sat her head up off his lap.

“Don’t worry about that. I’m still figuring that out myself,” she lied. Hope knew entirely what she meant but she wasn’t going to tell him. She’d rather him figure it out on his own or even show him. She was making goals that were dedicated to him and helping better himself. She knew all about people like them and how they needed special care. Thankfully, Kyle bought the little lie. “So, your family. I only know your parents. Any brothers or sisters or anything?”

Before Kyle could answer, their food was brought to them. It was sat down in front of them on the table where the waiter asked if they needed anything. When Kyle said no, they smiled and left, leaving the two alone once more. For a few minutes, the question Hope asked remained unanswered. Instead, the two ate their breakfast dinner. Hope got herself a nice stack of pancakes while Kyle got the same, just with some bacon on the side.

After he’d cut himself a bite to eat, he’d help Hope by cutting her a piece then feeding her it. She would smile up at him appreciatively. Deep down, Kyle knew she could have easily just gobbled it all up on her own right off the plate but she looked way too cute when he fed her. That and he felt it was respectful to do so. He figured that she would have voiced not needing help if she didn’t need it, anyways.

For several minutes, Kyle and Hope ate in silence. Due to Hope’s size, her food was gone much quicker than his was. Whenever hers was done, he focused more on feeding himself. He didn’t really feel like being out too late so he tried his best to eat as quickly as he could. However, he felt it was best to answer her question. “So,” he began through a mouthful of food, “I’m an only child. Grew up with my parents who you met. Dad and I aren’t super, super close but he watches out for me and helps whenever I need. Mom was like my best friend growing up,” he explained before taking another bite. “We share personalities and did almost everything together. Keeping things from her was kind of impossible…”

“Your mom was nice! I hope to see her again,” Hope said to him. He chuckled to her.

“I’m more than certain we will.”

“Would you maybe ever go on a journey?” she asked him next. Kyle couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow at her.

“You asked me that before. Do you want to? You seem to be really into the idea,” said Kyle. She had been on one and it could be possible that she missed that life. To Kyle, that seemed extremely plausible.

“Hey, this is my question. I want to know if you do,” she told him. He looked back to her, expecting her to actually answer. However, she wasn’t going to. With a sigh, he shook his head at her.

“Like I said, I don’t know. That would… take a lot out of me. I don’t know if it’d be easy for me to do or not,” he told her truthfully. She cocked her head sideways curiously.

“Can you explain?”

“Like… I don’t know if I could do the whole battling thing. I’d have to interact with people and that’s just beyond difficult for me. I don’t have it in me to watch people I care for get hurt in battle or to hurt others,” he began explaining to her. She listened intently to him as he did. “I’d have to look for a team and taking them from families, I don’t know if I could do that. I also don’t know how I’d handle rejection - as in if I found someone I really liked and they didn’t want to come with me. I would never force them to but it’d hurt a lot if they said no. And then what about someone who wants to but I don’t particularly want them to? I can’t… really say no…”

“Well I’d be with you! I would help you with all of that. I’ve been on a long journey so I know how it goes,” Hope told him. He looked over to her as he continued to eat, listening to her as she explained things to him. “You don’t have to force a pokémon to be with you. You can ask them. You wouldn’t believe how many pokémon appreciate the fact they’re asked instead of forced. And even more than that, who says you have to battle while on a journey? Who says you can’t just explore the world? Sure, you’d have to expect one from time to time but that’s just so we all, you included, are ready if it’s needed.”

“See you seem to really want to,” Kyle told Hope. She stopped talking and listened to him once more. “Your eyes are like glowing with excitement. Obviously you enjoyed it. If you want to, why not just ask me?”

“Well yeah I enjoyed it. It changed my life seeing the world. I dunno, I just liked it. It was fun but it’s also just as nice to settle down somewhere,” she said as she trailed off. Kyle eyed her, not feeling like she was telling the full thing she wanted. He felt like she was hiding something, but what it was he didn’t know.

“So then why do you keep asking me if I would?” he asked her curiously. She thought for a moment, trying to think of the best way to word it without giving away too much.
“I just think it’d be fun for you. You might make some really good friends or something!” she told him. “But I understand if you don’t. It’s not for everyone.”

“I just don’t know what I want to do. I guess I should start figuring that out,” Kyle told her truthfully. He was at the age where he really needed to figure out what he wanted to do. He couldn’t just sit at home all day. His job wasn’t a completely steady one and he found himself doing random things whenever he needed money. He couldn’t keep living this way. However, that would be another time. For now, his food was finally done and his belly was full. “Man, that was good,” he said with a content sigh. “Nice call on breakfast,” he told Hope.

“Yeah! It was great!” she said as she stood up. She stretched as Kyle too stood up. She then leaned in close to him and whispered, “I’ll show you later how much I appreciate the food.” Kyle immediately pulled away from her and gave the tiniest glare to her. She giggled loudly at him. He ignored her and walked to the spot to pay with the bill in hand. After paying the total, the two left and headed home.

The walk was quiet just like on the way there. Though Hope was much closer to him. She practically stuck to him with how close she was. Her steps were timed with his and it seemed odd to him why she was like this. Whatever the reason, he just let it happen. In fact, he even rested a hand on her back. It was the smallest of contact but the two enjoyed it immensely.

When the two got home, Hope wasted no time leading him to his room. “You know we’re not done, right?” she asked as she turned and walked backwards. “Now we get to have the fun talk.”

“You really meant that, huh?” he asked her as he followed. She smiled innocently at him and shook her head.

“Yep!” When the two got in his room, Hope immediately jumped up into bed and waited for him. He was about to climb in but she made it very clear that she wanted him naked, just as the previous nights. Thankfully, it got easier to do with time, so he didn’t really protest having to do it. It was easier to just give in to what she wanted than to argue and fight it. So he quickly stripped and got in bed with her climbing right on top of him, just like normal.

“So uh… how… do we go about this?” he asked.

“I guess ground rules. Well, not rules but boundaries. I want to know if you’re open to answering anything. I am okay with any kind of question, no matter what it is,” she told him. He thought for a moment and decided that it probably would be best if he was the same way.

“I can try as well, I guess. Just… try not to tease me about it? I’ve kind of hid a lot from people so telling you, someone who will probably use it against me, is kind of hard to do,” Kyle told her. While she did want this to be fun, she also wanted it to be serious.

“Okay, that’s fine. I won’t tease you as long as you okay one thing I have to say,” she told him. He was both curious and worried what she meant. “Well, two things. First, please don’t be shy about your body. If you feel like you’re getting even the tiniest bit excited about what we talk about, let it happen. This will be a fun thing to talk about and how you trust me. I’ve picked up you are interested in going the full way with me. That in mind, you need to see that it’s okay. So you promise me that if you get excited, you won’t try to hide it.”

“I won’t. So long as you don’t acknowledge it or anything or like… try to get me off accidently then we’re fine,” he told her. She gave a confirming nod, respecting his wishes.

“Now, second. Let’s say you describe something you want to try one day. If I don’t fully understand, will you give me permission to try and replicate it? You know, just try and see if I understand? I won’t keep going or anything - I just want to--.”

“Yeah, I guess that’s fine,” he interrupted her. Kyle did like the idea of that. Not only did it help her understand but it also helped him find out if he actually would enjoy it or not.

“...What if I want to show you something I enjoy? Like if I’m describing something I like and I think it’ll be better to just--.”

“Basically reversed roles is what you mean. Either you guide me or whatever?” he asked, once again interrupting. He knew what she meant which made it easier on her. Again she nodded to him. “Yeah that’s fine too.”

“Last question then we can start. Let’s say you explain something to me and I have to get a hands-on feel for it. If I see you are really enjoying it or it’s something we both like, could I maybe ask if we could keep going with it?” she asked him curiously. He thought for a moment, trying to see if he understood.

“Like… until we both get off or whoever it’s for does?” he asked for clarification. She nodded almost instantly. “Uh… let’s play that by ear. I mean, more than likely be fine with it if it’s something to get you off but if it’s--.”

“No, it’s either we both get the same privilege or neither of us do. You can always say you don’t want to with that if you don’t but then see if another does,” she told him. He then nodded, having not thought of that.

“Yeah, okay. I guess that’s fine. Just don’t expect a lot of them to keep going, if any…” he told her. She gave him a smile that showed she didn’t mind.

“I don’t care. I think this’ll be a lot of fun,” she told him. She saw how nervous he was but how he also tried his best to ignore it. Leaning in, she gave him a tiny kiss on the lips to try and calm him. “Just relax. Nothing has to come from this if you don’t want it to. If it gets to a point you want to stop, we can. You’ll tell me, right?” she asked him.

“Yes, I will,” he lied to her. This was obviously something that would have meant a lot to her so he would have kept going, even if it was something he didn’t like. However, she seemed to see right through that lie.

“You’re not a good liar,” she sighed, shaking his head. He knew he wasn’t but he figured he’d try. “Guess it’s up to me to keep an eye on you then.”

“So… how do we go about this?” he asked her.

“We can ask questions or just bluntly say what we want. Or we could come up with scenarios and see which the other would be into. I think the more in detail we go, the better. What would you like?” Hope asked him. He thought for a moment then shrugged.

“I guess we could do all three. Would that be fine? Or do you think you could maybe be the one asking and then I’ll just add on to them?” Hope nodded to him, seeing no problem with that. “I guess I’d like you to start then…”

“Okay,” she gave him a small smile. She remained silent as she thought. “I guess I’ll start easy. What role are you? Or what do you see yourself as?”

“Uh… I guess I’d lean more on the submissive side. In general, I’m a follower so I think I’d be more into just doing whatever I was told to and going with the flow of things,” he told her, trying to explain his reasoning. Hope couldn’t help but smile with how she was right about her assumption. “What about you?”

“I’m more of a switch. Depending on the partner, I can be a dom or a sub. Sometimes when I’m with another dom, I’ll still try and be the more dominant one. Kind of like a fight thing for fun,” she explained to him. “How much of a sub would you say you are?” Kyle didn’t quite understand what that meant.

“I don’t follow…”

“Okay so, like, there’s a couple different types of submissive people. There’s people who like to be told what to do then there’s who like to be roughed up if they disobey or don’t do what are told,” Hope began explaining. “Then there’s people who like complete lack of control. They like knowing they have absolutely no control in the situation and will do whatever is told of them, regardless of what’s happening, obviously within their boundaries.”

Kyle thought for a moment. Each of them sounded like him. But what fit him the most? “I think… more of the second one? I really like to know that someone else can make the decisions for me. When I said I was a follower, I meant it. I think the less power and control I have in a sexual relationship, the better.”

“Okay…” she said quietly, as if thinking.

“What about you?” he asked. She looked at him quizzically. “You said you can switch. Let’s say in a scenario, under the assumption that you knew what I liked in terms of how much dominance and control, could you do it? Or rather, would you fulfill those roles?”

“So could I be entirely in control? Make it feel like you have no say?” she asked for clarification. Kyle nodded. “I’ve never had that much control. I’d be willing to try it if you like,” she smiled. Kyle nodded, seeming okay with the idea.

“I think I’d really like that. I’ve actually fantasized about that before…” he told her truthfully. After he said that, he stopped, shocked that he came out so bluntly.

“Well then. Thanks for telling me. I’ll keep that in mind for you,” she smiled to him. He blushed but she liked that. Him being so blunt about his fantasies made things easier for her. “So when we first met, you said you knew you were attracted to pokémon. Did that include me? Like I know you are now but were you then?”

“...Yes…” he answered quietly. “Very…” Hope smiled brightly.

“Okay, so you would have had sex with me, or fooled around at least, if I showed that kind of interest?” she then asked him.

“No, probably not. I want to know a little bit about the one I’m with before that happens,” he told her. She then paused for a moment and thought. However, Kyle had his own question.

“Were… you attracted to me right away? If… I asked you to, would you?” Kyle asked her. This time, she wasn’t very sure of her answer.

“Um… If it was the second we got home, no. But if it was at night and I had time to judge you and see you were okay, then sure,” she finally answered. She didn’t think he’d actually have a tough question but she was proven wrong quite quickly. “Have you ever fantasized about pokémon before? I’m assuming so?” Kyle slowly nodded, almost too embarrassed to answer that. “Have you ever watched porn involving them?”

“...A few times…” he told her. He felt his face growing red which Hope found incredibly cute.

“...Since I got here?” she then asked. This time, Kyle got quiet. He didn’t want to admit it but she wanted an answer. “Hmm?” Kyle tried to look away but she wasn’t having it. She made sure he was looking at her before he nodded again. “Involving my species?”

“No… I didn’t want you to just happen to stumble upon it and get weird ideas. But… I don’t suppose it would have mattered, would it?” he asked her. She shook her head no.

“It wouldn’t at all. If anything, I think it’d be how you get to terms with feelings or whatever towards me. I wouldn’t judge in the slightest,” she told him truthfully. “Now knowing that, would you do it now?”

“I mean… maybe but…” he trailed off. She raised a curious brow at him.

“...But?” she asked. She then realized what he meant. “Why would you if I was here?”

“Pretty much…” he answered. Hope smiled brighter than ever before, knowing that he’d rather watch her than some random flareon on the internet.

“So, if I started touching myself, you’d like it?”

“Yeah, probably… It wouldn’t be any different than the stuff I watch or look at, other than it being in person,” she told him. Hope stayed quiet, trying to think of a reply. “Not that I’d ask you to right away, or out of nowhere. I honestly don’t think I could even ask you to. I’d feel so weird.”

“What do you mean you wouldn’t ask me to? You wouldn’t ask me to touch myself so you could watch?” she asked him. Kyle slowly nodded to her. She was pretty much spot on. “But if I started doing it randomly, you’d watch me?”

“Pretty much.”

“Would you start touching yourself as well?” she asked him. “Like a mutual masturbation thing?”

“...Maybe? You asked if I watched or looked at, but never if I actually got off. I don’t really like to touch myself, honestly,” he explained to her. That confused her beyond words.

“Really? Why? Usually if someone watches porn, they’ll masturbate. Why don’t you? Why don’t you like it?” asked Hope, trying to understand. That seemed so bizarre to her. What was the point if you weren’t trying to get off?

“I just really don’t like the feeling of touching myself. I personally hate the feeling of squeezing my junk and all that,” he tried to explain.

“...Don’t you think that could be why you have your nightly problems? You just watch porn but never get off. That obviously has to do something to you, right?” she asked him seriously. Kyle thought for a minute and slowly realized that did make sense. He had never thought of it that way before. If that was the case…

“I guess it could. I guess that means no more porn then,” he said flatly.

“Ha!” she laughed at him. He just raised an eyebrow at her. “You’re still gonna watch and look at the stuff you like. You just won’t have to touch yourself. I’ll do it all for you,” she winked at him. Kyle felt that same blush slowly creeping up on him. “Since you say you’d watch me touch myself, do you have a favorite position for that? Like if I were to do it just for you, how could I do it for you to enjoy it the most?”

Kyle thought intently for a moment. There were a lot of different positions she could be in that he’d like. He… kind of didn’t have a favorite. “I don’t think I have a favorite. I guess I’d like it however…”

“Describe a few and lemme see if I understand!” she told him with a smile. That blush continued lingering on his face, growing even more since he now had to describe, and probably watch, her act out those positions.

“...I guess… starting out, I’m only really into softcore when it comes to porn. By that, I mean more gentle stuff,” he began explaining to her. She listened intently, wanting to know every single detail. “You know, rubbing, grinding on things, and soft moans. I don’t like the hardcore stuff or outright sex in porn.”

“What about if a girl used toys like dildos or vibrators?” she asked him. He nodded yes to that.

“I do like toys a lot.”

“I’ve never really used toys before but some of them do look really fun. So, back to the previous thing. Position. Gimmie a few!” she told him. She stood up and took a couple steps away and waited intently.

“Uhh…” he mumbled.

“Come on, it’s fine. I just wanna know!” she smiled at him, trying to convince him. He took a deep breath and just answered.

“I guess one is… if you had your head down and… your butt in the air…” he answered, getting quieter the more he answered. She nodded quickly and turned around. She spread her legs as she bent over, giving him a very pleasant view of her butt and the slit between her legs. Her paw slowly went between her legs and gently stroked at her slit.

“...Like this?” she asked gently. Kyle nodded slowly to her. She continued stroking herself as she waited.

“I like that one a lot more the more excited you are. Starting out, it’s still nice but not a favorite,” he explained to her.

“Oh? How come?” she asked him curiously.

“I’m really into teasing. A lot of porn I look at that… has a girl like that, always has them excited and… wet…” he answered very quietly. “It’s… always them showing how excited they are…”

“Oh! So lemme see if I understand. When you fingered me and I came and was very wet. If I bent over like this and started touching myself you’d really like it?” she asked him for clarification. Kyle nodded to her. She was pretty much spot on.

“Exactly. Or you could lay on your back and do the same thing. Both are very nice…” he told her. She thought for a moment before laying down. Rolling over, she spread her legs very wide and gave him another view he really liked. Once more she put her paw against her slit and gently stroked it. Apparently this position was easier for her, judging how she was able to stroke a bit quicker and even teasingly poke one of the digits on her paw into her slit.

“Yeah… pretty much like that…” he told her. She giggled at him.

“I know you do. I can tell,” she smiled. He looked down and hadn’t even realized he was growing a tiny bit hard from watching her. Kyle blushed like mad about it. She rolled over and stood up then realized he mentioned one other thing. “Wait, you said… uh… grinding? What do you mean by that?”

“Like…” he tried to think of a way to describe it. After a moment, he figured it’d be best if he guided her. “Okay so take this,” he told her as he reached behind him and grabbed a pillow. He folded it then had her climb on top of it. Hope then realized what he meant.

“I get it now!” she exclaimed. When he sat back, she began to rock her hips on the pillow, rubbing her slit across where the bend of it was. “I’ve done this before. It’s not like… super stimulating but it can be nice,” she told him as she continued humping the pillow. For Kyle, it was one of the cutest things ever.

“Yeah but… on anything. It doesn’t have to be a pillow. I’m sure you get the point,” he told her. She did entirely. Not needing to be guided or have it explained any more, she stood up from the pillow and climbed back over to him. Once more she straddled his lap and laid down. However, the erection he had made it a bit difficult for her to ignore how he felt.

“I see. You really are into the gentle stuff, aren’t you?” she asked him playfully.

“A bit, yes. Is that bad?”

“No of course not! It’s entirely okay to be. I’m glad you’re telling me because I’d love to do this stuff for you,” she smiled at him excitedly. Kyle felt a small smile form on his face. It meant a lot she’d do these things for him. “So, past partners. What have--.”

“Uh… I’ve actually never… been with anyone before…” he told her embarrassed.

“I thought you said you’ve been with humans but didn’t prefer it?” she asked him. Kyle shook his head.

“If I did it was a lie to try and hide how I felt,” he told her. “I’m still a virgin…” he told her.

“You’re… really?” Hope couldn’t believe it. More and more it made sense why he was so nervous and insecure about it. That made it even better for her! “No more lying, Kyle. I don’t care if you’ve never been with a girl or guy ever, one time, or a million. I do care about honesty. If I knew you were, I wouldn’t have come on as strong. Promise me - no more lies,” she said in a very serious tone. Kyle felt kind of bad if he ever did say that. He couldn’t remember if he did or not.

“I do. I’m sorry…” he told her. She gave a firm nod and her demeanor changed once more back to that one from moments ago.

“Good. Now, new question since you haven’t actually been with one. You said you’ve fantasized about pokémon before and watched porn. If I weren’t around, what would be your ideal pokémon for sex? Like if I could bring you one girl for a night, who would you want?” she asked him very curiously.

“And… we’re ignoring you as an answer?” he asked. She let out a tiny giggle almost instantly.

“Yes. I don’t count, though I am entirely flattered,” she told him before leaning into him.

“That’s… kind of tough. I couldn’t… give one specific species I’d love. If I had to describe one and let you choose…” he thought for a moment. “I think I’d say something with a lot of fur. I really like things with a lot of fur, like you. I also… really like bigger ones who very easily can overpower.”

“So arcanine would be one?” she asked him. Kyle gave a slow nod to her. “You really like power play, huh?” Again, Kyle nodded. She thought for a moment before Kyle asked his own question.

“Do you like humans or pokémon more?”

“Humans. Can’t get pregnant and I don’t think I want a kid yet,” she answered almost immediately. Once more she was lost in thought then a new question came to mind. “Okay so power play. Can you explain that?”

“Less power and control I have, the better. It ties in to the whole submissive thing. However someone wants to accomplish that is up to them,” Kyle told her. That was about as blunt as he could be. After a moment she spoke up.

“So like… restrained? Would you be into that?”

“I’ve… fantasized about that before, yes,” he answered her. Kyle took a deep breath. “Can I tell you something? Something I’ve… kind of enjoyed that you do?” he asked her. Hope nodded frantically, eager to know what it was she did that he liked. “One example of the whole restraining thing you do is… well, think of the first time we showered. Remember when you sat me down, climbed in my lap, and put your paws on the wall to hold me there? That’s one. You made it so I couldn’t look away from you. When we lay down and you stand over me before laying down is another.”

“Really? That’s interesting… I have a little question for you, then,” she told him. Kyle was curious so he listened closely. “Imagine you and I have already had sex and we started to explore these power play fantasies. What could I do to make it the best time for you?”

“Uh… I actually have another example for that. Yesterday…” he told her. She was confused what he meant so he kept explaining. “You held me so I couldn’t move or stop you from getting me off. I felt like a toy for you to play with. Then, just before I came, you bit into my shoulder. I felt that as a sign of power, control, and dominance. Any time I tried to move, you bit harder. I really liked that. I had to trust you not to hurt me.”

“So you are into biting, huh?” she teased him playfully. He sighed and rolled his eyes.

“No more than what you did, I think. It goes back to the trust I put in you not to go too far and you exceeded that expectation I had for you,” explained Kyle. Hearing that she did great made Hope incredibly happy.

“Good. On a scale of one to ten, how would you rate last night?” she asked him curiously. Kyle thought long and hard about the answer. Truthfully it was everything he could have expected but… something was off about it. What it was, he wasn’t sure.

“I’d give it a solid… seven or eight? I don’t know what could have been done different, though. You know what’s funny though?” he asked her. She was curious what he was going to say. “My favorite part more than actually being jerked off or restrained or any of that… was how you were holding me. I was so… comfy laying against you like I was. It was like a big, big hug from behind and I loved every second of it,” Kyle explained with a growing smile. Hope smiled as well but she felt kind of bad for him. Kyle picked up on it almost immediately. “What’s wrong?”

“It just doesn’t seem very fair to you. Every night you hold me. I know you love it and I love it even more. I didn’t know you liked being held. I might be big but… I’m not that big. I can’t hold you like that when we sleep. That’s not fair to you…” she said with a sigh. To Kyle, that meant nothing. He didn’t care if she couldn’t.

“Life isn’t always fair. Sometimes you have to make sacrifices. So you can’t do to me what I do to you, who cares? I can still hold you. I’m more than happy with that,” he told her as he wrapped his arms around her. Her smile slowly came back, realizing he was right.

“Still though. Maybe we could find someone else who could do that for you?” she said to him.

“I dunno. I don’t want to stress on it. I’d rather have you than a hundred others who could maybe fill that desire. Besides, who says you can’t hold me like that from time to time when we’re just sitting around?” he told her. Hope nodded, liking the idea of that.

“I’d like that. But… what if I did bring in a girl one night? Would you be okay with that?” she asked him.

“Do you mean like a threesome?” he asked for clarification. She nodded to him, which made him think for a moment. “I mean… I want to say I don’t know but… I’d probably say yes. Would you want to--.”

“I’ve been in many threesomes and foursomes,” Hope interrupted. “Don’t forget my old trainer and I did a lot. I know guys can enjoy it a lot and I think you’d really enjoy having multiple partners all over you,” she said with a huge and excited smile. “Oooh, you know what I think you’d really like?” she asked him.

“What?” he answered curiously. She slowly stood up and trailed down his body as she answered.

“I think… you’d like if me and some other girl got you at the same time…” she began. She crawled lower and lower and was soon between his legs. She brought her paws forward and gently rubbed his belly. Kyle’s heart was beating faster and faster the lower she got. Soon, she was eye level with his erection. She leaned in and gently touched her nose to it, making it twitch slightly.

“...Yeah?...” he said nervously. She looked up at him with an incredibly lustful look.

“Yeah… I think you would. I think you’d really like if we both were where I am and… just…” she trailed off. He watched her as she slowly opened her mouth and let her tongue hang out. She never took a lick, instead just sat there.

“...And… what?” he asked her. To answer, she did what he expected and anticipated. He felt her wet tongue drag from the bottom of his shaft all the way to the top. He shivered from the contact. She watched looked up and the two locked eyes as she did it again.

“Did this…” she said slowly before taking a third lick. Each lick felt absolutely amazing to him. He felt her claws gently dig into his skin before retracting back in. Hope slowly moved her head around and licked at new spots that she could, slowly covering his member with her saliva. She was slow and gentle and Kyle felt every emotion he could with each lick. He couldn’t tell who wanted it more - him or her. However, she stopped and slowly pulled her head away. “Would you? If I could make it happen, would you like this to?” she asked him.

“...You uh… You know what I think I’d enjoy more than that?” he asked her. She slowly lifted her head up and waited for an answer. Instead of telling her, Kyle moved his leg so she wasn’t between them anymore then scooted next to her. She was confused as he picked her up and put her where he was just seconds ago. She rested gently against the pillows on her back. Kyle brought his hands to her legs and spread them open, figuring out where he was going with it.

In a confidence Kyle didn’t know he had, Kyle brought a hand between her legs and gently stroked her slit. Her fur was slightly damp from the few things she’d done. Hope relaxed almost immediately, letting him explore how he wanted. He continued stroking, enjoying the warmth that came from her. He moved his hand to the top of her slit and rested it there before inhaling deeply. A strong aroma came from her, one he didn’t know he should have been able to smell. It was intoxicating and made him want to find the source.

With two of his fingers, he gently spread her folds open and leaned in closer. The smell was stronger now. He looked up at her as he continued leaning in. While the two locked eyes, he took a small, small lick at her sensitive lips. Kyle felt the flareon tense up for just a second before relaxing once more. Just as she relaxed, it hit Kyle what he just did. Something had come over him but he had no idea what. How in the world did he just do that and not feel… weird about it? It was one thing for him to say what he wanted but to just… do it? That wasn’t like him.

He pulled his head away from between her legs, awaiting some kind of reaction from her. However, nothing came as they continued their stare down. They both expected something from the other but neither knew how to go about it. Kyle wanted… no, he needed to know if he could continue. Doing that to her felt so incredibly right. Even if it was only one lick, he wanted to do it again. And that was exactly what Hope wanted. She wanted Kyle to do it again. Truthfully, she was going to coax him into this with her when they were done. However, this was even better. Seeing him feel confident enough to do it on his own was a big step in the right direction.

But now they were in a stalemate. She didn’t know if he wanted to keep going and he didn’t know if she wanted him to. He felt like asking could have been a good idea but… the words never came out. He knew what he wanted to say but he just couldn’t. Why not? He was nervous but… that wasn’t the reason. Something else had his tongue and prevented him from speaking. Why it had to be now baffled him. The one time he had any kind of confidence in something, this had to happen.

Judging from the way he looked up at her, Hope figured he wanted to keep doing it. Maybe he needed to be guided just like she originally thought. Small steps. He took a big one to do that so maybe… he needs reassured that he can keep going? She thought to herself. Yes, that made the most sense. Leaning forward, Hope gently rested a paw on the top of his head and pulled him forward. Kyle was happy to know she wanted him to. With the okay to continue, he slowly closed his eyes and let her guide him. Within seconds, he took his second lick.

Kyle slowly lapped at her slit, letting his tongue take over. He tasted the excitement that came from within her. Her juices were very, very warm but also tasted divine. Because of the sweet, sweet syrup she had from her dinner and her berry heavy diet, the taste was incredibly sweet. Just from those few licks, Kyle knew he wanted more. Once more he used two of his fingers to spread her lips open before slowly pushing his tongue in, Hope letting out a gasp of surprised pleasure. She knew Kyle wanted to do it but go that far so suddenly was not what she expected.

Once his tongue had access wanted, he brought his hand down and rested both behind her. Kyle gently pulled her forward, making it easier for him to push deeper into her love cavern. His curious tongue trailed in every possible area it could, savoring the taste. Hope seemed to be enjoying it just as much as he was, judging by the small sighs and moans she made. He felt her paw gently rubbing his head, showing her enjoyment.

Pleasing his flareon like he was had to be the best thing Kyle had ever felt. He didn’t know how good he was doing but it must have been good enough. Which each lick came that taste he quickly came to love. Stronger and stronger it got, driving him to keep going. He was far past wanting it - his mind had quickly swapped over to needing to taste it. Every time that taste came in contact with his taste buds, he was sent into a frenzy. It drove him crazy.

What on Earth had just come over him?

Whatever it was, Hope loved. If there was one thing she really missed, it was the feeling of a man eating her out. Kyle was no expert but, given enough time, he could do pretty good. She found it incredibly hard to believe he had never been with a girl before. While this was far from the best oral sex she’d received, it was definitely getting the job done. She looked down at him and saw that same blush he always had any time they talked about things he liked, only this time it was a million times brighter. However, she saw how little he cared about it. This was the Kyle she wanted and knew was in there - the one who could push on past his own doubt and worry. She knew he was in there somewhere. Now if she could get that one out the whole time, her job would be done.

Each lick sent shivers down Hope’s body. Every time his tongue probed her insides in a new way, her own desire to give that feeling back to him grew stronger and stronger. Not only did she like receiving oral sex, but she loved giving it. Kyle showed a lot of interest in the idea of two girls with him at once so she would definitely be doing this more. If that was the case, she would need to show him what she could really do.

Once again, a low rumble came from the flareon, catching Kyle’s attention. He slowly opened his eyes and kept licking. He saw how her gaze was full of lust and desire and he absolutely loved it. “S-stop…” she told him. However, before he could even pull away, Hope regained control of herself and pushed him away with her paws. In the blink of an eye, she rolled over and faced him before tackling him roughly. She pinned him to the bed and through winded breaths, she told him what was going to happen, “You are going to lay here and keep doing what you were. You’ve been doing great and you best bet now I’m going to return the favor.”

Kyle melted beneath the pokémon. The way she spoke and told him what was going to happen floored him. He had no problem at all with what she said. When she saw he wasn’t going to argue, she turned around with her butt hovering over him. Her head was hung low as she eyed what she wanted. She wasted no time in taking a long lick against his shaft, sending pleasure through Kyle’s body once more. He felt the warmth he enjoyed so much coming from her with each lick. Hope wasted no time in going in for lick after lick, desperate for that taste she longed for.

Kyle had trouble focusing on what was happening. When she started licking him, he went back to licking her just as she was. However, she made it incredibly difficult to keep up. In the beginning before he even went down on her, she was slow and sensual. All of that was thrown out the window the second he started. Now all she wanted to do was please him. Her tongue was replaced with the feeling of her soft, furred lips bobbing up and down his length.

Though Kyle was in blissful Heaven almost immediately, he wanted to keep up. With her pushing her butt against him, he was able to push his tongue deeper inside. The taste grew more and more as he probed further. If there was ever a time Kyle felt completely relaxed, it was now. Something about how warm he was and pleasing the one he cared for so much just comforted him. How good he was doing he didn’t know. What he did know was he was at least doing good enough.

Even if he wasn’t doing great, Kyle could easily say Hope was. Each time her head was just about to pull free from him, she’d slide back down. Her tongue missed no inch of him as it danced around the object inside her mouth. Hope definitely had experience with this before. No, experience may not have been the way he’d describe it. She was way too into it to not enjoy it. Her body naturally showed how much she did by just how wet she was. If he were to compare this time to the night he fingered her, this night was entirely different. If Kyle didn’t have a fetish for wet girls, he would have after this.

Bringing his hands up, Kyle gently rested them on Hope’s soft, round butt. He’d squeeze then release, enjoying how full his hands were with each grasp. He could tell from her movements that Hope was having trouble deciding which to lean into: his face or hands. Thankfully, she made the right choice by pushing harder into his lips. Kyle just couldn’t get over how much he enjoyed her taste. He wanted to think that he enjoyed it as much as he did because of who it was he was eating out, but he wasn’t sure.

The more he licked, the more she sucked. Kyle was on autopilot as he licked away. He wanted to get her off but every time she moved her head, he was drawn closer and closer. He couldn’t describe the love he had for how her lips felt against his sensitive skin. After every few bobs, Hope would pull herself free and lick roughly. Just before wrapping her lips around once more, she’d plant a kiss on his head, showing her love for what she was doing.

The two kept up with each other. They hadn’t entirely realized it but they had formed a mutual tempo together. They both moved when the other did - neither taking full control. Hope did in the beginning but as things went on, she let up. Next time, though? She didn’t know what would happen. She loved how his curious tongue moved inside of her. It was a different feeling compared to someone who knew what to do. She knew he was trying his best and that was more than enough for her.

Moans came from the two, mixing together in a song of lust and desire for the other. Neither truly knew how badly they both needed each other until this moment. Hope missed that feeling of bonding with someone and, so far, Kyle filled that role perfectly - better than she could have hoped or expected. Kyle needed someone who could take charge when he was too scared to - someone who could show him it’s okay to try things. He needed someone who was slow with him and didn’t push things if he asked. The two were perfect for each other in every single way possible.

The two grew closer and closer together. Every lick they both did brought the other closer to their orgasms. Hope couldn’t wait to taste her humans seed for the first, and hopefully not last, time. She had secretly wanting to do this with him for quite a while now. While Kyle didn’t initially want to do this kind of thing with her, the longer he was with her the more his own desires came to be. The closer he got to her, the more he imagined this exact kind of thing happening. And now, the two got to share this moment… together.

Hope was the first to pull away. He felt her breathing heavily against his shaft as she tried to put into words how close she was. No matter how hard she tried, nothing came out. Even though nothing did, Kyle got the idea what it meant. He too was just as close as she was. Unable to even speak, Hope went back to pleasing him, wanting nothing more in the world than for him to feel the same release she was. Then at the same time, they both got what they wanted.

Kyle was the first to reach his orgasm but only by seconds. His body tried to thrust against her weight but she easily overpowered him with her paws, holding his legs down as she pushed her head lower. Kyle’s seed shot down her throat, taking every bit he gave her. Thankfully she had experience, otherwise she wouldn’t have been ready for the power that came. As she took his seed, her own orgasm crashed into her, showing how long she’d really wanted it.

Kyle once more brought a hand up to her folds and spread them wide and held his mouth wide open, letting her juices splash onto his tongue and face. He was so incredibly relaxed as he gulped more and more of her sweet, sweet nectar. It was incredibly difficult to say which he enjoyed more: the taste of her juices and how they coated him so much or how good of an orgasm he had. Never once had he shook like he was. This was definitely a first for him.

The two of them rode their orgasms out and slowly let off as they died down. Their licking slowed down to just gentle touches to keep the other going. When Kyle felt nothing more was going to come from the flareon, he brought his hand down from her slit and gently rubbed both hands across her body. Hope collapsed almost immediately on top of him in a tired heap. Part of him wanted to complain but if he was going to die this way, by being suffocated by her thighs, then so be it.

That’s a death he would have welcomed any day of the week.

As good of an idea as that sounded, it wasn’t going to happen. Hope pulled her head free from his crotch after a few moments stood up. Her legs shook as she tried to regain herself. She stepped over him and motioned for him to lay where she just was. It took him a moment before he was finally able to sit up. When he laid back down where she was, he was met with the warm, warm pillows. As soon as his head was against them, Hope stepped back over and sat in his lap, pressing her soaking wet crotch against his softening member. “...Well?” she asked.

There were times where actions spoke louder than words. Sometimes, it was hard to tell when to speak and when to show. This time was one of the times where Kyle’s actions could better describe how he felt. In the blink of an eye, Kyle brought his hands up to Hope and wrapped them around her and hugged her tightly. He pulled her close to him where she melted against him, happy nuzzling against him. “I don’t know what you’d expect me to say,” he told her after the long hug.

“I think that told me enough,” she said happily. That was good enough for him.

“I hope that I wasn’t that bad…” Kyle said worriedly. She pulled her head up from the crook in his neck and shook her head quickly.

“You’re inexperienced but you tried your best. If I got a picture of your face right now, you’d see you did pretty good. Truthfully, better than I expected,” answered Hope with a playful grin. She gently trailed her paw from his cheek and down his chin. She sat it on the pillow next to him before sighing deeply. “I’ll take it you liked it?” Kyle nodded his head rapidly.

“Oh yeah. I loved every bit of it.”

“Good. You know what that means, right?” she said. Kyle eyed her curiously. That playful smile rested on her face. “So far, you’ve enjoyed all three things we’ve done. You haven’t disliked a single thing. Imagine all the other stuff we could do…”

“I’m glad you’ve been okay with this all…” Kyle told her truthfully. “Having you go slow like you have and letting me get used to it all has… made it so much easier for me. I uh… I’m very shocked I even did that without you asking or telling me to.” A tiny chuckle came from him. Never did Kyle expect to come out and say he wanted to try something or even act on it on his own. Telling someone was one thing but acting on it… that was a whole new level.

“I’m glad you did. A fun fact about me is I love oral. I love giving but I love receiving more.”

“Oh, really?” Kyle gave his own playful smile. She nodded to him. “Well I think that works because I’m the exact opposite. I’d rather give than receive in that department…”

“Well, I guess that works out, huh?” she grinned at him.

“Works for me,” he grinned playfully back.

“What really works for you is you not disliking anything we’ve done so far,” Hope told him. Kyle was confused what that meant. “I mean that I could probably start anything and you’d be okay with it. Or… I could say I want you to do something and you’d probably do it…” she paused and leaned in close to him and whispered, “or you could tell me what you wanted and I’d be happy to do it for you. You haven’t said you’re done or anything so I think you want to keep going. Maybe… I could do something you told me you liked and give you a little something to watch while you catch your breath?” she offered.

In an instant, all of Kyle’s nervousness came flooding back. He did want to keep going but… how far? He knew how far, he couldn’t keep lying but he didn’t feel ready. He didn’t think he’d be good enough for her and wanted to build that up so she’d feel half as good as he would. She had been so slow and gentle with him and deserved the absolute best - something he couldn’t give. “I dunno…”

The two stayed silent for a long while, just eyeing each other. They both knew what the other wanted but both felt the same thing - uncertainty. Kyle wanted to go the full way with her. He knew for certain she was ready and more than willing as she’d made it clear many, many times already. She wanted him but controlled herself. She wanted him to be ready even though he told her he was worried he wouldn’t be good enough for her. Even then, that didn’t matter to her. What did matter was the bond doing such a thing created.

Kyle was ready for that bond. He wanted to experience that with her as he felt he could trust her. He was ready to see what it was like and wanted her to be the one who showed him. But… he was nervous. He didn’t want to be someone who only lasted a couple seconds and leave her unsatisfied. Kyle wasn’t sure if he’d actually be that way but that thought scared him. He thought he would be and that wasn’t something he wanted her to experience. As he’d said many times, she deserved the world. He just didn’t think he was good enough to give it to her yet.

After another long while, Hope slowly pushed herself so she was standing over Kyle. She brought one of her back paws up to his limp member and gently rested it on top before she began massaging. The two locked eyes as she gently rubbed him between her paw and his own crotch. Just like last time, it felt incredibly nice as he slowly grew harder. “Still not done?” he asked her softly. She didn’t say yes or say no. Instead, she kept massaging.

It didn’t take Kyle long to get to full length. He really liked how she could seem so gentle while putting enough force into her touches to get him going, even after such an amazing orgasm. The way she moved reinvigorated him, quickly bringing him back to life and ready for a second round. Hope stepped a little more forward before her paw dropped to the bed below. She slowly looked down lower, Kyle following her gaze.

Hope’s juices slowly dripped from her slit and onto his shaft and crotch. The two watched for a short time before she looked back up at him. Kyle’s heart was beating quickly. Was she about to do it? Was she going to be the one to initiate it? Was he ready? He asked himself that a million times and it always seemed like it he was but now that it seemed like she was going to, was he really? He couldn’t have been. There was no way someone like him could go from absolutely no sex life aside from the occasional masturbation session to sex in just a few days.

Kyle was brought from his gaze when he felt Hope’s paw beneath his chin. She slowly raised his gaze to hers as she leaned in close and rested her lips on his. Quickly he reciprocated the action, putting his own emotion and feeling into the kiss. Every time the two of them kissed in such a passionate way, their hearts would flutter happily. They both felt the attraction the other had towards them. Such a small thing as kissing was an easy way for them both to show how into each other they both were.

Eventually, Hope broke the kiss and rested her forehead against his. The two kept their eyes closed as she began to lower her body onto him. Kyle tensed up when he felt her wetness beginning to rub on his sensitive skin, showing just what she wanted. Hope wanted to take that last step. She was ready and doing this showed she felt Kyle was as well. No matter how many times he repeated it to himself that he was ready, he truly didn’t know if he was.

Lower and lower her body went. As she did, he felt her folds against his member. She was actually pushing on. Kyle felt her lips slowly spread open as she pushed on, beginning to take his length into her. The two let out simultaneous groans from the pleasure. It had been so long since Hope had been taken by a male and finally getting that feeling once more made her realize how much she really missed it. Someone like Kyle was exactly who she needed - someone who was open to it and would do it with her… someone who actually meant something to her.

As she took him further and further, Kyle found himself in a euphoric state of mind. For a long, long time, Kyle could only ever imagine what sex was like. He imagined a tight feeling, sure, but could never really think of what it was like. He could only guess and assume. All of those assumptions were thrown out immediately when he was entirely inside of the flareon. She was hot to the core, granted she was probably a lot warmer just because of her typing, but she was still very warm. The way her insides hugged and shook around him was beyond relaxing. Hope was slow and gentle, letting him experience the whole thing bit by bit. No words would ever be able to describe how good and loved he felt.

When Hope had his whole length inside, her crotch rested against his. Kyle brought his hands up to her back and held her tightly, his way of telling her not to pull away. No amount of money or sex could have gotten Hope to do that. Sex was one thing but the bond she felt from doing this with her human was one she had never felt before. This was… new. She was attracted to Kyle, she couldn’t hide that at all… but sex never made her feel this way before. But what was it she felt? She wasn’t entirely sure, but it felt… right… almost as if she was meant to feel this way… whatever this way was.

For a long, long while, the two stayed motionless, aside from their breathing. They both wanted time to get used to the feeling of the other. Every time one would move even a centimeter, the other felt it and, in turn, sent shivers down their spines. Neither could tell who felt better. Hope had her head slowly drift next to his with her cheek resting against his.

Deep down, Kyle kind of expected Hope to be rough with him whenever this was going to happen. He thought she would have been just because he told her he fantasized about such a thing. However, it was a pleasant surprise she wasn’t. He couldn’t express his gratitude to her that she was slow and gentle their first time. They were both past the point of no return. From here on out, nothing but fun was going to happen. How much? Neither knew, but they both knew deep down it was going to be a lot.

Hope gave Kyle time to either get used to what was happening or for him to stop. She wanted him beyond words - it got to the point she couldn’t control herself anymore. She took the leap of faith and gave him every chance to tell her to stop. He never did. Hope wanted Kyle to be nothing short of certain that he wanted to keep going. When she never heard for him to stop and felt his hands on her back, she took that as the okay to go on.

Slowly, Hope began to pull herself up. The slow motion brought immense amounts of pleasure to Kyle. When she slid back down, Kyle felt that same exact pleasure. Her furred legs gently tickled the side of his own. In an odd way, Kyle found it soothing to him. Whether sex always felt this good or it was because he was still super sensitive from his orgasm not long ago didn’t matter. What did is it was finally happening with someone he felt comfortable with and trusted immensely.















Hope picked up her motions more and more over time. She wanted this to be a time he could remember for the rest of his life. Every time she pulled herself up, Kyle felt every single bump and ridge inside his hands got to explore. It felt so much better this way. Sure, he loved having his fingers inside of her tremendously, but this topped it. At least this way, they both got to feel good. That in its own made it worth it.

The longer she moved, the better he felt. With her goal in mind to make him remember this, Hope began to pick up her speed. She was soft, slow, and gentle in the beginning but started picking up her pace. Her wetness slowly trailed down his shaft and inner thighs from her excitement. Her insides squeezed Kyle tightly, trying their best to keep him inside. In no way did Kyle or Hope imagine pulling him out. This was a new type of bonding the two wanted to experience and it was finally happening.

With their heads resting against the other as Hope bounced in his lap, the two listened to the sounds of their breathing. Tiny groans and whimpers came from them, both unsure who was exactly making what noise. From below her, Hope heard Kyle breathing heavily in her long, fuzzy ears. They drooped down and rested on the pillows next to him with one covering his neck. She felt the hands on her back gently gripping then releasing the fur on her back and neck. He wasn’t doing it to be rough but it had the same effect on her. She took it as her way of him being unable to control himself and that meant a lot to her.

With their chests resting against each other, they could feel their hearts beating rapidly. Hope pushed herself up and put her paws on Kyle’s chest to hold herself steady as she bounced harder and harder. The two didn’t waste much time in going from sixty-nineing to this so they were still incredibly sensitive. Hope tried to control herself but the more she felt Kyle’s curious hands explore her body, the more she lost control. When she felt his hands on her hips, she wasn’t able to hold back anymore.

Every time Hope pulled herself up, Kyle involuntarily pulled down before they both slammed into each other roughly, pushing him as far as he would go inside of her. Their once soft and gentle moans and whimpers were replaced with much louder groans of pleasure. The two sounds mixed together in harmony, showing how high they both were from the pleasure. Kyle was very, very quickly losing the battle to keep himself going. Being a virgin had that effect on him and he hated it.

Hope didn’t care how long he’d last. It could have been seconds or it could have been minutes. Something deep, deep within her told her that she’d be done when he was. She’d mated so many times before but never felt like she was actually connected to someone like she did him. Maybe he was meant to be hers… Maybe she was meant to have been with him and only him. If that was the case, then that’s that. She would be fine with that. She knew that Kyle was close and that made her just as close.

Continuously the flareon put her paws on the pillow then his chest, trying to find the best position for her. Nothing was right. Nothing was perfect. Actually, one thing was and it was what was happening. But no position was good enough. That or it was just because of how close she was. Whatever it was, she couldn’t hold back any longer. Hope clenched her teeth together where tiny flames poked through. The next thing Kyle felt was a big wetness and very, very tight grip on him.

The second Hopes orgasm hit, she stopped her bouncing and hilted Kyle deep inside of her. She hung her head as her paws held herself up. Kyle held onto her hips tightly, almost digging his nails into her fur and skin. The slight bit of roughness added just that extra bit of pleasure to make her orgasm the best she’d had in a long, long time. Her juices came splashing hard against his crotch, coating his skin and the bed below them.

As her body shook against his, Kyle continued his own thrusting. From his own movements and those miniscule vibrations, Kyle was finally able to reach his orgasm. He’d never have expected to last longer than Hope, even if it was only a few seconds. Once it hit, Kyle pulled her down as far as he could while pushing himself up. Her walls convulsed around him, desperately milking him of the seed he let free.

His seed came pouring out from within him, coating her walls entirely. In the matter of a few seconds, Hope let out a loud groan as her womb filled with it, ready to produce offspring if it was even possible. Kyle twitched like mad inside of her. He was far past cloud nine in pleasure. His mind was completely gone as he huffed tiredly. Before this, Kyle felt he could have gone the entire night… Not now. This completely drained him.

As both their orgasms slowly ended, Hope lost every bit of strength she had and collapsed on top of him. Letting go of her hips, Kyle wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tighter than ever before. So many emotions were shared between the two that neither could list them if they even tried. Kyle couldn’t get over how warm she made him. Truthfully Kyle felt just a tiny bit sore from how hard she bounced in his lap but he’d get used to it. The warmth she gave off soothed those tiny aches almost immediately.

For a long, long while, the two laid together in silence as they basked in the afterglow of their shared moment. Neither wanted to ruin the moment by speaking. Instead, Hope tiredly lifted her head up and used both of her front paws to hold Kyle steady before leaning in and resting her lips against his. Once again he felt that tenderness from her. There was no feeling of lust or desire, just raw passion and emotion.

When she broke the kiss, Hope put her head against his chest once more and sighed. Mating with this human was better than she could have ever expected it to be. She locked eyes with him and the two shared a happy smile to the other. “Thank you for doing that with me…” Hope finally said in the softest, most quiet voice he’d ever heard.

“No, I should be thanking you. I’m glad you were my first,” he told her with the happiest smile ever. She’d seen him smile many times before, sure, but this one was different.

“Really? You are?” she asked. Her tail was wagging wildly behind her, showing her excitement. “I didn’t know if you’d have wanted me to stop or not…”

“If you didn’t do it, I kind of felt we’d… never get there. You respected boundaries and we stopped when I asked. You knew what I wanted even without me telling,” Kyle explained to her. “You’re an incredibly sweet and beautiful pokémon. I think you know that I wouldn’t have been the one to say I’m ready, even if I openly admitted wanting to go there with you. Even as you started, I didn’t think I’d be up to par with you and you’d leave disappointed. I don’t know if you are but judging from that tail back there, I don’t think you are…”

“I’m so far from that…” she said with a happy sigh. “I was your first and that means the world to me. You got into it as we went on. I waited for you to stop me but you never did. I knew you did want to, yes, but I wanted you to stop me if you weren’t ready. Knowing you trust me this much… I can’t explain it. Do you think we’ll do this again?” Hope asked him. He saw she really wanted to and, after that, he knew he would too.

“I’d be disappointed if not. I would love to some time… any time you want,” he said to her. Hope’s heart continued to flutter. She was happy beyond words.

“Good. There’s so much we can explore and do together. Tomorrow… I have an idea what we can do,” she told him excitedly. She scooted a tiny bit forward and leaned her head against his chin.

“What’s that?” Kyle asked curiously.

“Just do some stuff to explore, like I said! Don’t worry… I’ll explain tomorrow. Deal? I’m… too tired to right now.” Kyle ruffled the fur on her head. She was right - it wasn’t the best time to right now. He was also really tired and worn out. Sleep seemed like the best thing for them, especially if more was going to come in the next day or two.

“You get some sleep,” he told her.

“Do you think… you could maybe stay inside while we sleep?” she asked hopefully. Kyle found that to be an odd request but who was he to deny that to the one who took his virginity and inadvertently changed his life?

“Of course. And Hope?” he spoke up as she began to drift off to slumberland. “Thanks for being my pokémon.”




KINGDOM HEARTS ALPHA
(A fanfiction inspired by the Kingdom Hearts 1 early development stages)

Disclaimer: I don't own Kingdom Hearts or any of it's characters and settings. They belong to Square Enix and Disney.

Chapter 1: Trailer/Prologue

Disney and Square Enix present...

(Dive Into the Heart- Destati, 1.5 Edition plays)

A young boy falls through a dark abyss as a voice calls out to him, asking him what he values the most, and if he is ready for the task at hand, as he lands on a stained-glass platform of the princess Snow White. The boy's name is Sora, and he is destined for a noble task.

"Say, Kairi, what was your hometown like? Y'know, where you grew up?" Sora asks his best friend Kairi among the shores of Destiny Islands, his childhood home.

"I told you before. I don't remember. But, I wouldn't mind going to see it." Kairi responds.

"If there any other worlds out there, why did we end up on this one?" Sora's other friend, Riku, inquired as the trio sat by their usual spot at the foot of a low-hanging papou tree. "And if they're out there, then this world's just a piece of something far greater."

Sometime later, Sora is ambushed by a hooded figure who warns him that his world is tied to the fastly-approaching darkness, doomed to be eclipsed and brought to ruin.

"Kairi, Riku! What's going on?" Sora asks as his world laters crumbles away when shadow monsters attack. Now brandishing a chainsaw-like sword, Sora is unsuccessful in saving his world, but is saved from being swept away by a mysterious figure.

"They will come for you out of nowhere, as long as you continue to wield the Keyblade." a man named Leon told Sora. He is allied by a blue-haired woman, who also wields the same kind of weapon Sora does, as an anthromorphic duck and dog search around for a boy with "the key to saving everything". The four eventually meet after fighting the same kind of shadow monsters from the islands and team up to travel the worlds. Several places flash by until Sora sees a vision of Riku beckoning to him.

"Yes, Sora. Your heart, your very being, will be extinguished!" This angers Sora enough to attack him, as one last phrase echoes in his mind. "Sora... please don't go."

KINGDOM HEARTS ALPHA

Prologue

I've been having these weird thoughts lately... like, is any of this for real or not?

A young boy with spiky brown hair in a red and blue vest and a conspicuous cat tail is falling through a watery void, surrounded by nothing. The boy slowly awakes as he is plummeting through the space with no real purpose, until he flashes back to standing on a beach shore. In front of him was a silver-haired figure standing in front of the surf. The first boy went over to greet him, only to see the waters recede back into a tidal wave that threatened to sweep his friend away.

You're giving me too many things

Lately, you're all I need; coming home

You smiled at me, and said:

The boy then dived into the water after his friend as he reached out for him while fading away. Pushing through the currents proved futile however, as he was swept away.

"Don't get me wrong, I love you

But does that mean I have to meet your father?"

When we're older then you'll understand what I meant

When I said no

I don't think life is that simple.

Emerging from under the water, the boy coughed and sputtered out for air as he saw a girl with red hair and a white tank top waiting for him. Paddling back to shore, the two of them talked to each other as the girl was jokingly giving the boy a hard time, before they turned towards the sky, witnessing a meteor shower. One meteor looked rather familiar to him, as he saw... himself!

When you walk away you don't hear me say

Please, oh baby, don't go

Simple and Clean is the way you're making me feel tonight

It's hard to let it go.

Hold me, whatever lies beyond this morning

Is a little later on.

Regardless of warnings, the future doesn't scare me at all.

Nothing's like before.

Falling backwards, the two desperately reached for each other, before the boy was sent back into falling in his void before he finally landed on solid ground. The boy looked around and took a step forward, as a blinding light shone through. Shielding his eyes, the boy soon noticed a flock of birds clearing the shadows beneath his feet. It was a dive into his own heart, and it would lead this boy, Sora, on the beginning of an adventure that would change his and his friends' outlooks on life.






In that story, Dawn was shocked in horror at the thought of nearly killing Judy, almost as if another sinister force had taken over her mind and heart before the police showed up. Once arrested and outsmarted, it's as if the dark force had left her, and she finally realized what she had done and could have done if she had not been stopped to save the city, and herself from going down that dark path further. However, it barely made Bellwether feel any better about anything, especially to hear what her first plans had cost her, all because she was broken by anger, fear, stress, and confusion, even still lingering in her mind as she cried silently in the jail cell she had been staying in at the ZPD building until her trial could be set up. She cries not only because she was caught, but due to shock and horror at the consequences behind her actions, unable to believe how she allowed her dark feelings to take over and not stop when she had a chance...it's like she really was trying too hard at wanting to be something she's not, and it all comes down to this: imprisonment. Now because of her actions, Dawn hears from a news reporter in honor of a celebration with the new mayor and assistant mayor being elected in office of her being labeled as a deranged and corrupt un-mammal which stings her terribly, but knows they're not wrong. TO make matters worse and heartbreaking, her attempts at contacting her family lead in their refusal to ever visit her anytime, her cold hard headed father renouncing her as his daughter, her actions forever tainting the "Bellwether" name. Imagine how hard it would be to have a lack of friendships over the past years and have one parent attempt at living his/her lost dreams through their child selfishly, and to be ostracized by them. When the time comes for her trial, Dawn does not lie about anything as she goes through details of how she had problems with predators all her life and working under Lionheart is what broke her. Her true plan was exiling all predators to a predator only district the moment citizens feared them enough to be deemed as too risky for both sides to ever join together again. Only now, her blinded visions brought on heartbreak and despair to the families of loved ones, and no telling how many other innocent mammals would have died because of her, which she deeply regrets. She admits that darting Mr. Otterton was an accident which she never wanted to in the first place, only Doug went against her wishes on leaving him be, insisting he knows too much about the night howlers that needed to be dealt with. She also admits having a soft spot for Judy whom she saw herself in and really wanted her to reach her dreams for all the "little guys" in the world. But when it came to Judy's refusal in Dawn's offer in being a role model for the prey citizens, Dawn felt hurt and betrayed, which later turned to blinded anger days later and wanted to make Judy pay for insulting everything she did for her and what could have been hers, having snapped to a point where she could not think straight about anything anymore. But by then she says how thankful she is that the serum was switched and couldn't have lived with herself if Judy really died, wishing the rabbit could hear her apology and sorrow for everything, not caring if the jury is unmoved as she knows they wouldn't believe her words of testimony. From one testimony after the others, Judy's testimony hurt her the most. Although not filled with bile or poison, each fact was delivered with no feeling, but Dawn is pained by the disappointment and pain in Judy's eyes near the end. Eventually, Dawn and her cohorts were found guilty, although the evidence found in the emails shared with Doug, Jesse, and Walter is where Dawn was given a light ten year sentence with the possibility of parole while her cohorts received a much longer sentence with no parole and therefore she would be provided with therapy.

Upon arriving in prison, better yet known as Alpine Crag Women's Correctional Facility, Dawn was brought in practically left catatonic, having done her best to mentally prepare for how she would handle the sentence given, having to be helped in changing into her prison gear and hardly registered when the had placed the shock collar on her. Yes, the shock collar. The very devices predators wore eons ago before they were deemed to inhumane by Congress. However, there is no doubt that some of the prison facilities would still use them, this time on inmates. The Crag facility where Dawn had been sent to was home to Zootopia's most dangerous criminals, and the collars are meant to prevent the inmates from attacking and killing each other. Not that Dawn would ever be capable of hurting a fly, but all inmates are required to wear them.









The reader was exploring the first bedroom of both Evil Fox Prince and his wife Evil Lilly while they were both asleep, but then the reader slipped and fell right into the Evil Fox Prince's mouth and the Evil Fox Prince swallowed him whole. The reader slides down into the Evil Fox Prince's dark belly and got really scared and needed to find away to escape before he/she gets digested, he/she hears the stomach growling which mean he was about to fart at any second. Then the reader swam down and then the reader went streight through the dark stomach acid as well as headed towards where the butt is locaded at, as soon as he farted the reader flew right out of his butt and escaped for his/her life and then walked over to see Evil Lilly. The reader walked towards her muzzle as she breathed the reader into her mouth and swallowed him/her and the reader went down right into her darker belly, things got way worst for the reader as he/she was sure that that time he might get digested that time. Then the reader hears her belly making a growling noise which means that she might fart at any second, then the reader swam and went down through the darker stomach acid then she farted him/her out. The reader ran for his/her life as he/she ran through the cracked door and head to another cracked door into Evil Jake's room, the reader was sure that he/she would be safe in there and climbed up his bed and sees Evil Jake's face all happy and asleep as well. As the reader walked near his face close to where his mouth was located at, but little did the reader know is that Evil Jakes tongue stretched towards the reader and wrapped him/her into his mouth like an octopus's tentacle as well as swallowing the reader into his darkest stomach. Now the reader is even more scared that he/she can cry like a babie as he/she might get digested of that one, but then a louder growl was happening as he was about to fart more then his evil parents would ever do. Then the reader swam and sended the reader into the darkest stomach acid while heading right to where the butt is located at, then he farted the reader out as the reader realized that maybe being in Evil Jake's room might not be such a cleaver place at all. So the reader ran through the cracked door again and head into Evil Amy's room and thought he/she would be safe in there, as soon as the reader got on Evil Amy's bed while she was asleep she was yawning in her sleep which shooked the reader into her mouth. Then Evil Amy swallows the reader and he/she went into her even more darkest stomach which got the reader into getting super scared that he/she wanted to scream at the top of his/her lungs. But then a gigantic growl was happening like the sound of an earthquake that the reader swam again and went down to the more darkest stomach acid, then the reader headed towards her butt and farted him/her out. Then the reader left the home of the evil fox family and never ever returned there again cause they might do nothing but vore him/her to death. The End



Sonic the Hedgehog stood in the throne room of Castle Acorn. His hands on his hips, a cocky grin on his muzzle. Behind him stood a figure in a red hooded cloak that concealed their features. A matching bag with gold drawstrings rested at their feet. There were only three other people in the massive hall of the castle.

Sitting on matching thrones slightly above the blue hero, were King Maximillian and Queen Alicia. The aging king had a deep frown on his mustachioed face. The queen, seemingly quite a few years younger than her husband, had a gentle smile on hers. Standing next to them, was their daughter, Princess Sally. The younger royal was teary eyed but smiling.

“We welcome you Sonic, back to Mobius. And to this castle,” King Max said with a slight tiredness in his voice.

“You have our thanks in once again protecting us from Dr. Robotnik’s forces, dear,” followed up the queen.

Sonic gave a mild salute. “Glad to be back Your Highnesses. And, hey, no trouble, Queen Alicia! I should be used to getting tossed across dimensions by now.” He looked at Sally and held his arms out. “I miss anything THIS time?”

The princess choked back a laugh and ran down the small set of stairs. She rushed into Sonic’s arms and held him tight. Alicia looked on with happiness for her daughter. Max’s frown turned into a scowl.

“Sally!” he scolded. “Know your place!” He banged his fist on the armrest of his throne.

Alicia placed her hand on her husband’s to soothe him. “Relax dearest. Let them have a moment,” she whispered to him. Max un-balled his fist, but his expression remained the same.

Sally kissed Sonic on the cheek. “That’s for saving us,” she said warmly. Her blue eyes met Sonic’s green. Suddenly, her expression hardened. She gave her boyfriend a single punch to the shoulder. “And that’s for making me a nervous wreck for a week!” she growled. A soft giggle came from the robbed figure behind the young couple.

“Ow! Come on Sal! I was just tossed through time and space! Cut me some slack!” he ribbed back as he rubbed his shoulder. “Did you miss me?” he asked.

Sally took Sonic in her arms for another hug. “I missed you…” she whispered into his ear. Sonic ran his hands gently up and down the princess’ back.

“We ALL missed you,” said a voice. The group looked to see a series of green lights shimmer in front of Sonic and Sally. In a flash, there stood a female Mobian lynx. She had brown fur with black facial markings, black paws, and black tuffs at the tips of her long ears. On her head was a short mass of black head-fur. A purple toga clung to her curvaceous body.

Sonic released one of his arms from around Sally. The lynx, Nicole, lunged forward. She wrapped her arms around both her friends but froze and stopped from kissing Sonic too.

The blue hero squeezed his two lady friends before letting go. He had a hand on Sally and Nicole’s shoulders. “Was I THAT bad?” he pouted.

The lynx held up a fingertip. A few white sparks came off it. “You made us worried sick! Coming from ME, that’s saying something!” The lynx smiled impishly. Sonic coyly leaned in and rubbed noses with the A.I. A blush came across Nicole’s face, her threat neutralized.

Sally smiled. “You’re going to have to do better than that with me, Sonic Hedgehog!” she said firmly.

Queen Alicia put her hand to her lips to hide her grin as the three bantered back and forth. King Max remained silent and scowling.

Sonic returned Sally’s smile. “I think I have just the thing!” he said. He stepped away from Sally and Nicole. He looked to the figure standing behind him. “Sorry if I was a little rude, Mom.”

The hooded head nodded. A feminine voice came from the cloak. “It’s okay dear. Perfectly understandable under the circumstances.”

Sally’s interest was piqued. “Sonic? Who is this?” she asked.

Sonic stepped to the side and dramatically raised his hand high. “Sal, Nicole, Your Majesties? Please allow me to present to you: Queen Aleena of Mobotropolis!”

The figure pulled back their hood to reveal the lovely face of a middle-aged female hedgehog. Her fur and quills were a dark purple and trailed to almost to her hips. A large, gold, ornate tiara rested on her forehead. She opened her cloak to reveal she was wearing an elegant white gown that hugged her figure tightly. The dress had a diamond pattern and gold highlights trimmed the hem and cuffs.

Aleena folded her hands at her waist. She bowed to Max and Alicia. “I am honored to meet the rulers of this world.” She rose, a warm smile on her face as she looked at Sally and Nicole. “I am especially pleased to meet you, dears. Sonic has told me so much about you!”

The princess gave her boyfriend a confused look. “Sonic, what’s going on? I thought Bernie was your mother?”

“And what do you mean this woman is the queen of Mobotroplis?!” shouted King Max. “You DARE to question my authority?!” Both his fists slammed on the armrests now.

Alicia looked to her husband. “Easy, Max. You know what the doctor said!” The queen looked to the worried faces of the two hedgehogs. “Please, Sonic. Explain yourselves,” she said gently. Alicia looked back to Max and tried to ease him as he fidgeted on the oak throne.

The blue male held up his hands and waved them downward. “Whoa, whoa! Easy! Everybody chill!” he exclaimed. He looked to Aleena, her face clearly embarrassed. Sonic shrugged apologetically. Sally was about to rush back to her father’s side, but Nicole held her back.

Sonic took the princess by the hand and continued. “Sal, you’re not going to believe this. But when I was dimension hopping, I found this one world. There, I have a brother and sister. We still fight Buttnik, but we also drive around in a van as a rock band. In that reality, Aleena is my mom and I’m a prince!”

Sally’s shock wore off. She was silent for a moment as her mind processed what Sonic had just said. Suddenly, her eyes grew wide with realization. “A… prince…” she mumbled. She stared Sonic in his warm, green eyes. “S-Sonic! That makes you royal blood! Which means….!”

Sonic grinned and held out his arms. “If you still want me, that is,” he said slyly. Sally jumped back into his arms, her own wrapped around his neck.

“YES! YES! Oh Sonic! You’re BRILLANT!!!!” she shouted with joy. A tear fell from Nicole’s eye, but her smile held.

“I was due, I think!” chocked Sonic as Sally squeezed him tighter. “Plenty to go around, Nicky!” he said to the she-lynx. Nicole rushed in to join her friends once more.

“A well calculated move, I must say,” whispered the holo-lynx into Sonic’s ear. Now she was REALLY fighting the urge to kiss the blue hedgehog.

Aleena watched and laughed as her son was gloomped by the two females. “You have my blessing, ‘son’. Be good to each other,” she said warmly.

Alicia stood from her throne and stepped down to meet the group at the foot of the stairs. A smirk crossed the queen’s lovely face. “A most clever solution, Sonic! It is my honor to…”

“DENY YOUR REQUEST!” roared King Max from his seat. Both his fists slammed down once more. The loud bang silenced everyone in the throne room for a moment.

“Max?!” asked Alicia in shock.

“Daddy?” asked Sally, a twinge of hurt in her voice. All the smiles in the room dropped as everyone looked to the King.

King Max’s voice was icy. His eyes shot daggers at Sonic. He pointed a single steely finger at the other male. “You just said yourself, Hedgehog! This… woman is NOT your ACTUAL mother. She did not give birth to you! You claim she birthed some version you on some OTHER world, but not this one. That makes you ineligible for the throne OR my daughter’s hand. I even doubt she’s who she says she is! She could be some floozy from the other side of THIS Mobius!”

All the women in the room gasped. Sonic returned the King’s scowl.

“Hey! King or not, that my MOM you’re talkin’ to!” yelled Sonic. His own hands balled into fists. Several blue arcs of electricity sparked off the hedgehog’s quills.

“Easy… easy, sweetie!” hissed Sally. She put her hands on Sonic’s chest. She could feel her love’s heart begin to race.

Nicole’s long ears dipped. Her own hand gripped Sonic’s shoulder. “Please don’t…” she begged under her breath.

“Calm down, Sonic,” said Aleena to her son. Her voice was soft, but a buzz of anger was on her own face. Her own eyes glared back at the King, insulted beyond measure.

“You forget to WHOM you are addressing, Commoner!” Max snarled. “Sally, get your hands off that man this instant!” Max continued to rail. “You’re lucky I allow this! Normally, all you’d get would be…”

“Dinner!” piped in Alicia. The Acorn Queen stood between Sonic and her husband. “I insist you both stay for dinner! It’s the least we can do!” Alicia glared at her husband before turning and offering a pleading look to Sonic and the others.

“Alicia….” Max groaned.

The red-haired queen turned to face Max again. “Come now, Max. I think saving the world is enough to earn a spot at our table tonight. And frankly, it’s been so long since we’ve had a dignitary to dine with. At least grant your wife a FEW of her duties as Queen!”

King Max sighed. “Very well. For tonight,” he said coldly. Max pressed a button on his throne. A second later, a burly beaver guard came into the room carrying a wheelchair. The guard placed it in front of Max. The King nodded. The beaver picked up the elderly Acorn and set him down in the wheelchair. Max shifted around a bit, before wheeling himself out of the room with the guard following behind.

The others in the room let out a collective sigh. Sonic’s pulse slowed and he relaxed his hands. Alicia looked to him and Aleena. “I sincerely apologize for what my husband said. Sonic, you’ve earned more than a simple meal. Know that you are always welcome here as long as I’m Queen. And I couldn’t be happier if you became my son-in-law.”

“Thanks, Your Majesty,” the blue male said glumly. Sally hugged him and rested her head on his shoulder. Nicole squeezed her black paw on Sonic’s other shoulder. Her eyes wavered as she fought to console him the same way as Sally.

“Please stay, Sonic. Daddy’s just…” Sally explained.

“Yeah, yeah. I know Sal. Pressure of the crown and all…” He nuzzled the top of the princess’ head. His nose sank into the red mass of her hair. Without looking, he placed a hand on top of Nicole’s black paw and squeezed it back. The three closed their eyes and enjoyed a brief moment together.

Alicia spoke to Aleena. “I won’t make excuses, Your Highness. But it would give me great pleasure if you joined us for supper.”

The purple hedgehog stared at Alicia a moment. Her eyes met the other queen’s. There was a pause as Aleena studied Alicia’s features. A small smile returned to Aleena’s face.

“I accept Her Highness’ offer. Please call me ‘Aleena’. It’s been some time since I’ve had a nice chat with a fellow royal myself.”

Alicia beamed a smile of her own and nodded. “Excellent! Please, both of you, call me ‘Alicia’. I’m quite done with formalities for one day!”

Aleena bowed her head politely. She then turned to the trio next to her. “Now then, Sonic. Please introduce your mother to these lovely companions of yours!”

Sonic, Sally, and Nicole separated. They shared a mutual blush as they made another round of introductions.

Aleena beamed with pride. “I’m proud to meet you both. I look forward to getting to know you dears,” she said. “Hopefully over a nice relaxing meal.”

**********
Dinner was a mixed bag. On the one hand, Max sat at the far end of the table. He ate sparingly, spending most of his time in a foul mood. At the other end of the table, Sonic largely tried to ignore the male monarch, focusing mainly on entertaining the ladies who sat closer to him.

On the other hand, Alicia found herself enthralled by Aleena’s talks about her own rule and adventures.

“It was such a terrible decision,” the purple female explained. “Giving up my babies so soon. Especially after losing my husband just before their birth. Then having to go on the run from that madman!”

“I can sympathize,” said Alicia, who faced her from the other side of the table. “Leaving my daughter behind while trying to protect my son.”

Aleena nodded. “The worst was having to cut myself off completely from them. I knew they were searching for me. But all I could give them were mere breadcrumbs to follow. Now, I intend to rest and enjoy their company. I so desperately need to make up for lost time.”

The Acorn Queen grinned. “Well, there’s no shortages of things to keep you entertained here, Aleena. Please enjoy your little vacation. If there’s anything I can do, let me know.”

The female hedgehog tipped her wine glass in gratitude before taking a small sip. A sly look crossed her face, her eyes focused on Alicia. Her tongue ran along the rim of the glass. Alicia found herself blushing and looked towards her husband.

“Max, why don’t you move a little closer.” She waved at her husband, trying to coax him to join the small party. “You must hear these stories Sonic and Aleena have been telling! It’s fascinating!”

The King set down his utensils and wiped his mouth with his napkin. “I’ve heard enough showboating from the hedgehog for one night, Alicia. Perhaps for the rest of my life.” Max wheeled himself away from the table. “I’ll be preparing for bed now. Be sure have these two made comfortable before you join me.” With that, the King rolled himself out of the room. With the king gone, Sonic instantly perked up. The sole male began to tell jokes and become more intimate with the princess and the A.I. who sat on opposite sides of the hero.

Alicia sighed and felt a small tear form in her eyes. Her husband had changed so much over the last few years. He had become so cold to everyone around him. His people, his children, especially his wife. The queen was about to apologize again when she felt a soft hand take hers. She looked up to see the warm, purple eyes of Aleena.

“It’s okay, Alicia. It will all be okay. Please stay and chat some more? I want to hear all about you and your wonderful daughter!”

Alicia felt herself eased by the fellow royal. “Not much to tell from me. I was born into a noble family. Max and I became engaged when we were eleven years old, married at eighteen.” She paused a moment. “Sometimes I think we married too soon…” she said wistfully.

She continued, “I fled Mobotropolis during Robotnik’s coup. I took our son, Elias, with me. Max and I thought it was best to keep that monster from getting both our children in one blow. Our shuttle crashed. I spent the next few years in a stasis chamber while the doctors tried to heal me.” The red-headed queen turned to the other end of the table. Sally was laughing along with Sonic and Nicole about something she didn’t hear. “I missed so much time with her. Luckily, your son was there to keep her safe.”

Aleena continued to hold her hand. “And from what I heard; she’s kept my son from doing anything too foolish. So, I think we both have a reason to be grateful.”

The chipmunk woman’s tension melted as they continued to share small talk well passed the dining hour. The two queens even joined in the conversation with the younger Mobians. Alicia looked on with a twinge of jealousy as Sonic and Sally bantered back and forth. Occasionally, Nicole would chime in.

The Acorn queen felt a stirring in her body as she watched her daughter rub noses with the blue male. How long had it been since she and Max spoke like that to each other? Even before the war, there were times when he just seemed too distracted to appreciate her. Thinking about it only made it worse. She bit her lip and stood up. The others stopped their chatter.

“This has been a most enjoyable evening,” Alicia said. “But I’m afraid I must retire.” Her guests all frowned.

“Are you okay, Mom?” Sally asked.

“Yeah, Mrs. A. The night is young!” said Sonic.

“Maybe for you children,” Alicia giggled. “By I feel I should get some rest.”

Sally, Sonic, Nicole, and Aleena frowned. Alicia spoke up again. “Don’t be so down, everyone. Tonight should be a celebration.”

She looked at Sonic and his mother. “But no doubt you both must be tired from all the traveling you’ve done. Sally, why don’t you and Nicole find a spare room so Sonic can spend the night!”

The three Freedom Fighters gave a surprised look to the lady monarch. Alicia smiled. “Max said to make sure you’re comfortable. This castle has been empty for far too long, I think. So, dears, please see that our hero has a good place to rest.” She finished with a slight wink to her daughter.

Sally blushed and looked to Sonic. “If that’s okay with you…” she offered.

Her boyfriend smirked. “Sure thing, Sal. I could use a place to crash, I’m a little more tired than I thought.” He looked to the she-lynx beside him.

“Nicole, think you could open a comm to my dad and other mom? I stopped by earlier, but I just want to let them know where I’ll be at least for tonight.”

“Certainly, Sonic,” Nicole nodded. Together, the three stood from the table. They wished Alicia and Aleena a good night and walked off.

Aleena smirked as she watched Sonic’s hands drift down to gently squeeze the rumps of the two women who walked on either side of him.

Alicia coughed to get the other queen’s attention. “If you’ll come with me, Aleena? I’ll be most gracious in escorting you to your chambers.”

The purple female stood and nodded. “I’d be delighted, Alicia. I could use a nice long rest after all that’s happened.”

*****
Despite her best efforts towards her guests, Alicia herself was having a less than restful evening. The night was cool, but Alicia’s body felt like it was on fire! Watching Sonic and Sally at dinner had a greater affect on the Acorn Queen than she thought. Her body burned as she thought of what they might be getting up to tonight.

“Please, Max? Can’t we have a little fun tonight?” Alicia begged as she pressed her body against her husband. The king and queen lay together in a large, ornate bed. Max was all but cocooned in the comforter. Alicia, on the other hand, rested on top of the covers. She was wearing a thin, orange nightgown hiked up passed her slim waist. A damp spot had formed on the center of her small, orange satin panties.

The queen’s arms snaked their way through the blanket to wrap around Max’s middle. Her brow furrowed. The King was wearing a full set of sky-blue pajamas. One of her hands drifted downward to fiddle with the waistband of his pants. A little bit more and she would have him in her grasp…

“Uurrggg…” groaned Max as he shifted away from his wife’s body. “Go to sleep, Alicia.”

The queen rolled onto her back. One hand still on her husband’s side while her other hand drifted over her covered, burning loins.
“Max, please make love to me!” she tried again. “We should be celebrating! Our kingdom is secure. The best soldier has returned! And our daughter is so happy now that he’s back! Can’t we enjoy the night too?”

King Max squeezed his eyes tighter. “Enough of this, Alicia! Neither of us is the right age to care for another child!”

“I’m not asking you to get me pregnant, Max!” Alicia fired back. Though, she wouldn’t object if he made the offer… “You don’t have to take me… I can get on top… or put you in my mouth…”

“eeerrrggh… Don’t be disgusting Alicia!” Max grumbled as he once more wriggled in the sheets to get comfortable.

“Darling.” Her tone tried to be sensual and teasing. She rolled the king over onto his back. Then she pulled his hand from beneath the covers and brought it between her legs.

“Can’t you feel it, Max? Feel how hot I am for you?” Alicia held Max’s wrist and made him brush his fingers over her wet panties.

Max pulled his hand away from his wife like it was a burning stove. “Dammit Alicia, STOP!” he shouted. The King pushed himself into a slight sitting position. He eyes shot open and he gave his queen a deadly look. “I’ve had a very long day and that… pricker-head coming here with that purple whore was just awful! Now cease this immature nonsense and GO. TO. SLEEP!” The king finished by laying back down, wrapping himself tightly in his blankets, and rolled with his back to the woman who lay beside him.

Alicia sighed and sat up. A small sob escaped her lips, but she shut her eyes. She was a grown woman. A queen. A newly made grandmother. She would NOT cry over this! Once the feeling of hurt and rejection left, Alicia climbed out the large bed. She stood on the cold floor of the room, glaring at the still form of her husband.

“Guess I have no choice but to take ANOTHER late-night walk to clear my head,” she thought. “By Aurora, Julayla I wish you were still with us.” Alicia went to her wardrobe, took out a robe and slipped it onto her lithe form. Without thinking, she slipped her crown over her long, red hair.

Once she decided she was decent, she went to the door of the bedchamber. She turned to face behind, hoping to give Max one last chance. Before she could ask, a loud snore came from the bed. Alicia forced open the heavy door and slipped out before closing it with a loud bang. The king didn’t even register that his wife was gone.

****
The queen made her way through the silent halls of the castle. The night patrols were no doubt keeping a watchful eye on everything. Alicia didn’t care. They should be used to her taking these strolls by now.

Unconsciously, Alicia found her way towards her daughter’s room. Several times in the past week she had made this journey. During the periods where Sonic was thought dead or missing, she would find Sally sobbing alone or digging through stacks of reports and communications for any sign of finding her blue champion.

“Shouldn’t be any problems like that tonight,” the older Acorn smirked. She stood just outside her daughter’s door. She expected to hear only silence, or at the very least, more banter between the young couple.

Instead, she heard a series of faint cries coming from the other side.

“Oh! Oh! OH!” a female voice called. Alicia went on alert! It was Sally! Was she hurt? Why would she be crying now?

Slowly, Alicia cracked open the oak door. She peaked in upon her daughter’s bed. The sight caused her blue eyes to shoot open and her voice caught in her throat!

On the large bed, lay the body of Sonic the Hedgehog. On top of HIM, bounced the upright form of Sally! The princess was kneeling with Sonic’s bare body between her toned thighs. Her full breasts bounced with every movement.

Beneath her, Sonic’s head rested on a pillow. His sleek, runner’s body glistened with sweat in the moonlight pouring through the window. Sally ran her hands along his muscular chest as she rode him.

His hand gripped Sally’s wide hips. One hand squeezed her royal buns.

“Ya like that, Sal?” panted Sonic as he thrust upward. “Like my big dick in you?”

“AAAAHHHHH!!!” moaned Sally. She bent her head back and ran her hands through her short, red mane. “L-love you, S-Sonic!” she cried.

She lowered her body to kiss the blue stud beneath her. Sonic ran his hands over her back to pull her down. He continued to push his hips up into the goddess on top.

“Love you too, Sally!” he groaned between kisses. “Missed this so much! Ah yeah! HHHHMMMM!!!!”

“Yes! YES! H-harder, Sonic! Love me harder!” the princess cried. She rubbed her breasts over her lover’s chest.

Sonic quickened his upward assault. One of his arms was still wrapped around Sally’s back, while the other drifted down to squeeze his girlfriend’s ass once more. The heavy bed shook with the couple’s vigorous love making!

“OOOOOHHHHH DAMN!” Sonic shouted. “Sal, still so tight!”

“Ah! AH!!! Sonic! N-no one could ever replace yoooouuuuuuu!!!!!!”

“Ah! Cummin’ Sal! Gonna…!!!!” the blue male yelled.

“M-me too, baby! Inside, me! Cum inside MMMEEEEE!!!!!”

“AAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!” the two cried together! Sally went limp against Sonic’s chest. He held the princess gently in his arms as he made a series of small thrusts against her, getting a few more drops of himself inside the red-haired angel.

After a few minutes, Sally pushed herself upward. She smiled down at the panting form of her lover. She rubbed noses with Sonic before dismounting him.

Sonic winced as he felt himself pulled away from Sally’s warmth. A soft squelching sound was made as he came free. A few droplets of white dripped onto the sheets of the bed. Sally lay beside Sonic, sighed, and kissed his cheek.

“Does that make up for Daddy’s behavior today?” she joked.

Sonic reached out and pulled Sally by the to waist to cuddle with her. His thick, red dick still stood at attention at just under ten inches long and over an inch thick. It shone with Sally’s own juices.

“It’s a start, babe,” he grinned before kissing her forehead. “Sorry, I thought bringing Aleena here would work,”

Sally nodded and rested her head on his chest. “It was a good plan, Sonic. Dad’s just being a prick…”

“Though, he had a logical point,” said a voice in the shadows. Nicole walked into the light of the room. Neither Sonic nor Sally made a move to cover themselves.

Sonic groaned. “Whose side are you on, Nicole?” he asked sarcastically.

“Yours and Sally’s of course, my love,” the A.I answered. “But I can see tonight will ruled by emotions, so I won’t point out the flaws of your plan.” The she-lynx grinned as she pulled off the single shoulder strap of her toga. The rest of the dress pooled at her feet. The brown female was completely naked underneath. Sonic and Sally stared appreciatively at Nicole’s angelic body.

A lovely face, a pair of breasts slightly smaller than Sally’s, a slim waist and wide hips made the she-lynx a sight to behold. Her curves bounced as she walked the rest of the way over to the bed. Without needing an invitation, she climbed in beside the couple and kissed Sonic on the mouth.

“I’ve been wanting to do that all day!” Nicole said. Her paws then slid up and down Sonic’s body, making him shiver at her touch. She kissed him again on the cheek.

“I’m here all night, so enjoy it!” said Sonic as Sally joined in. Now he had both arms around the women he loved.

“We missed you so much!” the two females said as they stroked him.

The blue male chirred. “Oh, I thought you had each other to keep you warm!” he snarked.

Sally lightly pinched Sonic’s nipple. “Don’t tease, sweetheart. You know I can’t sleep without my cuddle-hog!” She followed up by kissing his cheek.

Nicole’s hand stopped at the base of Sonic’s member. “Indeed. I’ve tried my best to replicate your anatomy, dearest.” The she-lynx slowly began to pump her hand up and down Sonic’s ridged tool.

“You’re truly unique,” she whispered before lowering her mouth over Sonic’s penis.

Alicia watched the scene with rapt attention. Sally was indeed her daughter. A body and mind truly worthy of the title “princess”. Nicole was also a vision of beauty. The queen would not judge Sally. She had long suspected her daughter and the lynx were closer than mere friends. Besides, she was no stranger to having a lady lover when her husband failed at his more… private duties.

But it was Sonic that Alicia found the most fascinating subject of the tableau going on in front of her. His gorgeous eyes, winning smile, his athletic body. And of course, that delicious looking treat between his legs! Forget her husband’s harsh words. Sonic was a king in every sense of the word!

Alicia bit her lip as the scene continued. One of her hands was buried between her thighs. The other held the door frame for support. Part of her wanted to march in and stop it.

“Sally and Sonic aren’t married! They should save this for their wedding night! If that! And being with that other… thing!” Max’s voice rang through Alicia’s head.

“Or… you could march in and demand Sonic’s body as the price for not telling the King…” a more mischievous voice followed. Her fingers dipped into the waistband of her panties.

“They make such a lovely pair, don’t they?” a soft voice whispered in the queen’s ear. Alicia stopped cold and spun around.

She found herself staring directly into the most beautiful pair of purple eyes she had ever seen.

“Ah-Aleena!” she tried to shout, but it came out more a terrified gasp. The three younger Mobians didn’t seem to hear.

The purple hedgehog continued to stare Alicia in the face. A bemused grin on her own.

“What are YOU doing here?!” The Acorn Queen growled, more embarrassed than angry.

“I couldn’t sleep, dear. An unfamiliar bed, no one to cuddle, and it’s SO drafty here!” Aleena said in a soft voice. Her giggle was like a series of bells.

Alicia collected her wits enough to see why Aleena claimed to be so cold on such a mild evening. Her blue eyes bulged from her head! Hanging off the hedgehog’s shoulders was a thin, lacy robe. It allowed Alicia to easily see what Aleena was wearing underneath. The hedgehog woman’s body was adorned by a white, skimpy teddy! It was made of a soft lace with a light floral pattern running throughout. The transparent robe stopped just past the curve of her hip and did little to hide the amazing body of the hedgehog monarch!

Despite her age, Aleena’s face only had a few lines under her eyes. Her breasts were still large and firm, almost perky! Her stomach had a slight tone to it, not as much as it did in her prime. And her hips were wide, and her butt was perfect. Like herself, Aleena also wore her golden headdress.

Alicia just stared for a moment at the masterpiece in front of her.

“Enjoying both shows?” teased Aleena. She posed with one hand on her hip and the other behind her head.

“Oh goodness! Please, d-don’t…. I need to go! Gods…” Alicia sputtered as she tried to push past Aleena and run down the hall.

The other queen’s hand shot out and grabbed Alicia by the wrist. “Stop dear, please don’t go!” Aleena said, her voice still low. She looked behind through the door.

Sonic was sitting in the bed, Nicole in his lap. Her long legs wrapped around his waist. The hedgehog hero’s head was sucking on one of the she-lynx’s breasts. Sally was kneeling behind Nicole, rubbing her own body against the A.I.’s back. Occasionally, she kissed the tufts at the top of the lynx’s tall ears. They still hadn’t heard the noise outside.

“No, really Aleena! I just needed some air. I’m quite alright now!” Alicia argued once she had Aleena’s attention again.

“Enough!” Aleena hissed. She pulled the red-haired queen towards herself. Then she brought her head forward and planted her lips against Alicia’s own.

The protests ended in an instant! Alicia was surprised at first, then slowly returned the kiss. Aleena murred as she pushed her tongue between Alicia’s soft lips. Surprisingly, Alicia allowed this intrusion. Soon their tongues performed a sensual dance together.

Gently, Aleena freed Alicia’s wrist. The Acorn Queen used her now free hand to stroke Aleena’s soft cheek.

The two separated, a thin trail of saliva briefly connected them. Aleena looked Alicia in the eyes. “Better?” she asked.

Alicia nodded. “Yes, thank you, dear.” Her face was still flush as she stood in the hallway.

A small glint appeared in Aleena’s eye. “Care to continue this discussion more… privately?”

“By the gods, yes!” Alicia hissed before diving in for another kiss.

********
The two queens stood in Aleena’s bedroom. It was sparsely furnished. A medium sized bed, chair, an armoire, and a small vanity were all that made up the furniture. Aleena’s dress was hanging in the armoire. Her cloak was folded over the chair. Her red travel bag rested at the side of the bed. There appeared to be a few other items inside.

Moonlight spilled from the window onto the two females. Their arms wrapped around each other. They kissed fiercely as their arms ran up and down each other’s bodies.

“Oh… oh Aleena!” gasped Alicia. “It’s been so long since I’ve been given this much attention!”

“A pity,” replied the purple hedgehog. “You were made to be worshipped!” She began to suck at Alicia’s exposed neck while her hands cupped her generous buns.

“Yeeeesssss….,” the redhead hissed. She reached down herself to get a handful of royal tush. Alicia couldn’t decide which was softer, Aleena’s lingerie or her fur. She ran her other hand through Aleena’s long, purple tresses. “Goddess….,” she whispered.

Aleena brought her face up to kiss Alicia again. “You’ve done this before,” she stated. “Good. So many don’t know how to please a woman, let alone a queen!”

“I… I’ll explain later,” panted Alicia. “Right now, all I want to do it focus on the present with you!”

“Show me,” Aleena panted as well. She wriggled out of Alicia’s arms and sat on the bed. “Show me all of you, Alicia.”

The way the purple queen said her name, with such a fiery passion, made Alicia blush. It had been some time since HE said her name with similar emotions. Slowly, the chipmunk woman untied her robe and let it fall away. Her orange nightdress soon followed suit.

“Beautiful,” whispered Aleena as Alicia stepped out of the pile of clothes. The Acorn Queen blushed at the compliment. She looked at herself in the mirror of the vanity. A sad smile came across her face.

The image of Sally in her prime filled her head. Alicia had a few age lines along her face. Her breasts weren’t as firm as her daughter’s. A pair of dark pink nipples poked from her tan colored chest floof. She stomach wasn’t as flat. Her hips were wide, but her rear wasn’t as pert. “No wonder Max doesn’t want me…”

A soft hand caressed Alicia’s face. She found Aleena in front of her again. Bright eyed and beautiful.

“You’re the most beautiful thing in this castle, Alicia. If your husband can’t see that, he’s more of a fool than I thought,”

Alicia’s blue eyes watered, and she gave Aleena a small peek on the lips. “Thank you, dearest. I’m starting to realize that myself.” She reached to remove her jeweled tiara. But Aleena stopped her with another kiss.

“Leave it on, Alicia. I want to make love to a queen tonight.” A set of purple fingers drifted over Alicia’s stomach, tracing along the hem of her panties. Alicia playfully swatted the hand away.

“Uh-ah-ah!” teased the chipmunk. Alicia lay on the bed, wearing only her crown and her soaking panties. “Your turn, Queenie. Show me the goddess who wants me so!”

Aleena beamed at Alicia words. The lace dropped from her body, mixing with the pile left by the other woman. Free of the translucent material, Aleena stood in front of Alicia. The purple queen stood with confidence, one hand on her hip as she let Alicia drink in her body. Alicia’s eyes traveled up Aleena’s long, smooth legs to see her own flushed flower.

“Like what you see, my queen?” Aleena asked.

Alicia licked her lips and spread her long legs. “I’d say YOU’RE the most beautiful thing in this castle, Aleena.” She stared as Aleena’s light pink nipples poked from the peach colored fur of her chest.

Alicia continued, “You must be cold. Won’t you join me?” She held out her arms, inviting the other queen to share the small bed.

“You sure you want to share a bed with ‘some floozy’, Queen Acorn?” her companion joked.

“Let me truly apologize for my husband’s foolish words. Come to me, Queen Aleena!” she said in a low, sensual tone.

Aleena climbed aboard, and instantly filled Alicia’s spread arms. The two shared another intense kiss, their lips and tongues once more dancing together.

Alicia murred as Aleena’s hard nipples brushed against her own. The kiss deepened. They broke for air with a shared gasp!

“Oh goodness! Th-that was…!” moaned Alicia.

“Just the beginning, dearest!” chimed Aleena. Her fingers pressed against the damp satin in front of Alicia’s crotch.

“Aaaahhh….,” the chipmunk moaned. She shifted her body so that she lay flat on the bed, her head resting on a large pillow. Immediately, Aleena was on top of Alicia, kissing and licking the other queen’s face.

After a minute, Aleena moved downward. She nuzzled against Alicia’s neck. A soft coo escaped Alicia’s lips. It became a loud moan as Aleena made a trail of kisses towards her chest. The Acorn Queen’s breasts stood up from her chest like a small set of mountains.

“OOOOOO!!!!!” Alicia cried as Aleena’s tongue darted across one of her nipples. The redhead dragged her fingers through a mass of purple head-fur.

“A-again, Aleena! Do that again!”

The female hedgehog obeyed, this time to the other nip. Alicia closed her eyes and her moans got louder as Aleena started sucking on her long-ignored mounds. She chirred, remembering her days as a young mother, when Elias and Sally needed her the most.

A soft pinch on her chest brought her back to reality. She looked down. Aleena had one of her nipples between her teeth. “Easy love,” she scolded Aleena. “I’m out of practice for rough stuff!”

Aleena kissed Alicia’s tit apologetically. “Sorry dear,” she pouted. “You have such tasty teats!” she smirked.

Alicia reach under Aleena and kneaded her own heavy mound. “Thank you, love. I can’t wait to try yours out!”

Aleena kissed the air at Alicia before returning to her work. The moans and coos returned with full force as she left Alicia’s breasts to kiss down towards her belly.

Alicia blushed as Aleena nuzzled her stomach. A giggle escaped her lips as the hedgehog queen swirled her tongue inside her navel.

“HHHHMMMM!” Aleena hummed. “You sure you had two children, love?” she teased as she made butterfly kisses along Alicia abdomen.

“Heheheh. I can assure you, I’m a mother, Aleena. That means a lot coming from someone who looks like a model after triplets!” Alicia said back.

Aleena kissed her bellybutton before continuing. Now her hands massaged Alicia soft thighs. She faced the soaked satin of the other queen’s panties. Aleena’s nose poked against the material.

“YYYEEESSSSSS….!!!” hissed Alicia in response. Aleena smirked and started to lap at her lover’s covered sweetness.

“D-don’t tease, Aleena!” begged the red-haired monarch. “T-take me! T-taste me!”

“As you wish, Alicia!” Aleena responded. She hooked her fingers in the waistband of the Acorn Queen’s underwear and pulled it down. Alicia arched her butt off the bed to help.

Alicia sighed. Her hands were above her head. She panted as Aleena slowly removed the satin barrier between them. When Aleena got the panties to her ankles, Alicia kicked them away. Her body was flushed and ready.

Aleena’s purple eyes shone as she looked between the other’s woman legs. “Amazing…” she whispered. She licked her lips as she stared at Alicia’s vulva. A few drops of her nectar dripped from her core.

The female hedgehog rubbed her hand between her own legs a moment. Her desire rising each passing second. Aleena lay back down, her face against Alicia’s flower. She stuck out her tongue and gave the swollen petals a tentative lick.

“Aaaaahhhh!!!!” cried Alicia above her! “A-again, Aleena darling!”

Satisfied, her bedmate complied. Her tongue ran from the bottom of Alicia’s moist slit to the top. Alicia’s moans turned to screams!

“Ah! Oh yes! L-lick me, Aleena! Lick my royal pussy!” Alicia closed her eyes in ecstasy. Memories of Julayla and her talented tongue wafted through the Acorn queen’s head. “Darling, she can’t replace you! But she’s damn close!” she thought. Her hands went to her chest and rolled her heaving mounds.

Aleena stopped to look up at Alicia’s gasping form. “You taste wonderful, dear!” she said before diving back down. Her hands took a firm grasp on Alicia’s calves. Her tongue swirled inside Alicia’s depths. Her wild purple mane shook from side to side as she slurped at the other’s queen sweet juices.

“Oh! Oh, Aleena! Th-that… that’s!!!!!” Alicia peaked open one of her sapphire colored eyes. Aleena’s head bobbed up and down between the Acorn Queen’s thighs. However, she now only had one hand on Alicia. Her other hand was nestled between her own curvy hips.

The redhead scooched away. Aleena knelt up, her face flush. Some of Alicia’s juices dripped from her lips. “Dearest, what is it? Are you getting cold feet now?” There was longing in the hedgehog queen’s voice.

“That, for one thing,” answered the chipmunk. She indicated that Aleena still had her hand between her legs. “You’re a guest in my home. It’s my duty to make sure you enjoy yourself.” She took on a coy look. “Won’t you let me… help you?” Her soft tongue ran over her own lips as she gave Aleena a sultry look.

Aleena smiled and offered her moist digits to the other queen. Alicia took them in her mouth and sucked them clean. Then she sat up to kiss her fellow royal.

Now it was Alicia’s turn. One of her hands lay buried in Aleena’s wild, purple mane. The other squeezed her generous rump. Their tongues danced heatedly in their mouths. Their breasts squished together.

Aleena had both hands running up and down Alicia’s back. She broke the kiss with a loud gasp!

“B-by the gods!” Aleena panted. “S-so good! AHHH!!!” She looked down to see Alicia was now kneading her peach colored orbs. She closed her eyes and moaned as the chipmunk licked one hard nipple while her fingers tweaked its twin. Slowly, Alicia began to suck on the sensitive flesh in front of her.

“Oh… oh Alicia! Darling! F-feels so good!” Aleena cried as she dragged her own fingers through the long red tresses of Alicia’s head-fur.

After a few minutes, giving Aleena’s breasts equal amounts of attention, Alicia guided her to lay on her side in the bed.
The chipmunk took up a similar position. Each queen now faced the other’s privates. Without missing a beat, they pressed themselves together.

The room filled with a pair of muffled screams as Alicia and Aleena dove into their royal treats. Aleena doubled her earlier efforts, eager to make up for lost ground. Alicia was slower. She was slightly out of practice.

The hedgehog was the first to give in. She brought her face from Alicia’s loins to cry out.

“Yes, Alicia! R-right there! Oh… oh gods you’re a natural!” she said before returning to her lover’s warmth.

“Oh Aleena! Hhhhmmmm! I love it! I love your purple pussy!”

They continued to lap as each other’s folds for several minutes. Slowly, Aleena reached around to spread her over’s ass. Lightly, her fingertip caressed Alicia’s puckered anus.

“HHHHHHMMMM!!!!” Alicia moaned as she felt the stranger at her rear. “Oh, oh dear. Be… be gentle! I… I never took s-something THERE!”

Aleena stopped and brought her head up, her finger paused at the tender flesh. “G-give the word, love. Oh… love that sweet tongue of yours! Do… do mine first, please! It… it’s okay! I trust you!”

The chipmunk returned to servicing her guest. Her lips kissed the dripping slit in front of her. She squeezed a handful of purple rump and spread Aleena’s back cheeks. Tentatively, her finger brushed against Aleena’s own star.

Aleena moaned deep into Alicia’s core. The chipmunk once more brought her face from the hedgehog’s crotch to cry out in pleasure. Her finger slipped between the ring of muscles in Aleena’s ass.

“Y-you like this, ah… A-Aleena?” Alicia panted as she pumped her finger in and out of her lover’s butt.

“Oh… oh yes! It… feels incredible! K-kiss my pussy too! I… I’m so close now!” Aleena cried.

“F-finger my ass too! I… I want to know how it feels! AAAAAAHHHHH!!!” Alicia screamed as she felt Aleena’s finger probe her depths! Neither Max nor Julayla had EVER touched her like that!

Again, her head went between Aleena’s thighs. Now her tongue did some probing of its own! It swirled around in the hedgehog’s soft, pink slit. Her taste was incredible! So sweet! So warm!

The two pumped their fingers faster! Their sucking and licking became a blur!

Suddenly, they raised their voice together in an exquisite duet of “I’M CCCCCCUUUUUUUMMMMIIIINNNNGGGGG!!!!!!”

They both drank at the river of juices that flowed from the other! Alicia bucked her hips several times. She had been pent up for so long! Eventually, the two rolled away from each other.

Aleena sat against the headboard. Her body was sleek with sweat. Alicia’s head rest on her heaving bosom. Her arms were wrapped around the hedgehog’s waist. Aleena stroked Alicia’s long, red hair.

“Th-that was wonderful….” Alicia sighed contently.

“You were incredible, I must say,” said Aleena before she kissed the top of Alicia’s damp head. “Care to go again?”

Alicia sat up, her eyes wide. “Are… are you serious?” Surprise mixed with hope in her voice.

Aleena smiled and wiggled her nose against Alicia’s. “Of course, dear. Hold on just one second!”

The purple beauty rolled her body off the bed. She started going through her red knapsack.

Alicia looked thoughtful as Aleena’s wide rump bounced here and there as she dug into her bag.

“A-ha!” the female hedgehog said as found what she was looking for. For a few minutes, she hummed to herself as she appeared to slip something over her legs and onto her waist. A small hiss came from her lips as she tightened a pair of dark strips around her hips. She stood from the bed and spun to face Alicia.

The Acorn queen blushed as red as her hair! Encircling Aleena’s waist was a harness made of small, black leather strips and gold buckles. Protruding proudly from the queen’s crotch was a matching black eight-inch long, inch thick dildo!

“By Aurora!” whispered Alicia at the sight.

Aleena giggled and pumped her hand up and down the shining shaft. “What do you think? Want to give it a try?”

Alicia blinked in disbelief. “Why would you carry such a thing with you?” she asked.

Again, Aleena laughed. “A queen must be ready for anything, dearie. You should know that.”

Aleena climbed back on to the bed. She took Alicia into her arms and kissed her on the mouth. Then she guided the chipmunk’s head downward.

Alicia was on her hands and knees. She continued to stare at the false-phallus, unsure.

“Pretend it’s my son’s cock. You wanted to taste Sonic’s dick earlier, didn’t you?” Aleena teased. “Show me what you would have done if I hadn’t shown up!”

Images of the blue male’s member flowed through Alicia’s mind. Her loins once more burned with need. She closed her eyes and nuzzled Aleena’s offering. Alicia ran her cheek along the shaft. She continued to think of Sonic and his enormous cock. Her pussy clenched, eager to be filled. She brushed her lips over the tip of the toy.

Alicia opened her eyes to look up at Aleena. The purple monarch was panting heavily, her hands rolling her breasts in anticipation.

The Acorn Queen winked at her companion as she kissed the bulb-shaped tip of the toy. Then she opened her mouth to engulf the full length of the black shaft.

“Hhhhhmmm,” the hedgehog queen sighed. “That’s it, sweetie. Suck it! Suck my queen cock!” She pushed her hips forward and back as Alicia bobbed her head up and down on the dildo. Aleena placed her hand on Alicia’s head to steady herself while her other hand continued to squeeze her hard nipple.

The chipmunk pushed herself forward. Her nose rubbed against Aleena’s waist. Her chin brushed against her lover’s thighs. Her tongue swirled around the synthetic shaft. At times she felt it tickle the back of her throat!

“You like it?” Aleena continued. “Is it tastier than your husband? Is it bigger?”

Alicia freed her mouth from the other queen’s crotch with a loud gasp for air! “Yes!” she shouted! “Yes, it’s bigger! It’s the biggest cock I’ve seen next to your son’s!”

She rolled onto her back; her legs spread wide! Her fingers had spread her vulva wider! “Now take me! Take me, my queen!”

Aleena pressed the tip of the dildo against Alicia’s damp petals. “Are you sure?” she teased. “This may be unfair to ol’ Maxie, you know!”

Alicia shook her head. “H-he had his chance tonight! Now, please Aleena! Darling, I need to feel you! Feel you inside me!

AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!” she cried out as Aleena pushed the head of the toy into Alicia’s burning core.

“Oh… oh goodness!” panted the purple hedgehog. “S-so tight! Ah! AH!” For herself, Aleena’s own vagina clamped down on the smaller dildo on the other side of the harness. Her body shook as Alicia took more and more of the outer dildo inside of her.

After a few tense minutes, the two queens’ hips met. Aleena placed both her hands on the bed beside Alicia’s beautiful face. She arched her back, waiting for the signal to continue.

For her part, the Acorn Queen wrapped her legs around Aleena’s waist. One of her fingers pushed a lose strand of purple fur from Aleena’s shining face.

“L-love, me, Aleena!” she hissed before leaning up to kiss the hedgehog.

“I already do!” returned Aleena before she bucked her hips forward.

“OOOOOOHHHHH!!!!” moaned Alicia as she felt the enormous cock move inside her! “Y-yes! Oh gods!”

“Hhhhhhmmmm!!!!” Aleena groaned as she quickened her pace. Her breasts bounced with each thrust into the woman under her. Alicia brought her hands up to play with the large knockers.

“You like this, baby?” asked Aleena between thrusts. “A-am I better than him? Pl-please, Alicia!”

“Yes!” her lover answered. “It… It’s so much better than Max! H-harder, dear one! Yeeesssss!!!!”

Aleena continued to pump her hips against Alicia! The room filled with moans and screams of pleasure! The bed shook as the two rutted harder against each other!

Alicia’s legs tightened around Aleena, pulling her close. Her hands left the hedgehog’s bosom to grab handfuls of purple fur.

“I… I’m cumming, Aleena! You’re making me….!!!!!”

“M-me too, Ah-Alicia! I’m going too…!!!!!

“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!” the two queens cried together as they shared a mutual orgasm!

Aleena collapsed atop Alicia. She panted heavily as a few smaller spasms shook her frame. Beneath her, Alicia made smaller thrusts with her own hips, trying to make the exquisite feeling last longer. Her hands ran up and down the purple queen’s angelic form. It was some time before either said anything.

“You’re amazing,” Aleena was the one to break the silence.

“As are you, dear one,” Alicia said before kissing the top of Aleena’s purple mass of head fur.

“How can I thank you?” she followed up with.

Aleena pushed herself upward. Alicia winced as she felt the false phallus leave her body. The purple hedgehog unbuckled the harness and removed the strap-on from herself. She handed the glistening toy to Alicia.

“Return the favor, perhaps?” she asked with a mock pout.

Alicia giggled. “Who can say ‘no’ to that lovely face?” she said as she snatched up the strap-on.

Once they were finished attaching the toy to Alicia’s crotch, the roles quickly reversed. Alicia knelt on the bed. Aleena on all fours, her head bobbing up and down the black shaft of the dildo.

“How do I taste, Aleena dear? Do I taste like a queen?” Alicia joked as she thrust her hips against the other woman’s mouth.

“HHHMMMMM!!!!” Aleena moaned, her mouth full of silicone. One of her hands rubbed Alicia under her short tail. The other played with her own damp slit.

“R-ready, now my fellow queen?” Alicia growled, her own lust back in full vigor. The inner dildo inside her vagina was shorter, only a familiar five inches long. But it was at least two inches thick, spreading Alicia in ways Max never dreamed of!

Aleena had the shaft all the way in her mouth. She looked up and nodded. “G-good,” the chipmunk continued. “Now… now it’ MY turn to be on top!”

Aleena freed Alicia’s toy with a soft pop! She shifted so that she remained on her hands and knees, facing the foot of the bed. The purple beauty turned to eye the redhead behind her. Aleena shook her plum-colored ass at her lover.

“Come and get it, my queen!” she growled.

Alicia took position behind the hedgehog. She took the base of the fake dong and ran the bulb-shaped head over Aleena’s nether region.

“OOOOOO!!!” the hedgehog cooed. “Take me wherever you want, love. I want it so bad!”

“HHHHMMMM, a tempting offer,” teased Alicia as she used the large tip to brush against Aleena’s anus. “But I’m a believer in fair play!”

She lowered the shaft to Aleena’s dripping flower. Still holding the base, she started to insert it into the goddess beneath her.

“OOOHHHHH GGGGGGOOOOODDDDSSSSS!!!!” moaned Aleena as she was filled.

Alicia pushed the dildo into Aleena all the way to the base. She had a light grip on the hedgehog‘s wide hips. The two panted a moment, readying themselves. “Wh-whenever y-you’re ready, love,” panted Alicia.

Aleena responded by bucking herself forward and back. “R-ride me, dear! Ride this queen!” she hissed.

Alicia tightened her hold and pressed her own hips forward. “Like THIS, Aleena? You want it HARD?” She began to move her body back and forth, trying to create a rhythm with the other queen.

Once more, the bedroom filled with moans, cries and shouts! The bed sounded like it would break at any moment!

“Yes! Oh yes!” cried Aleena.

“HHmmmm, th-that’s so good!” screamed Alicia. Their love making had become so intense!

Alicia was now pressed up against Aleena’s back! Her mind was so blanked out by lust she didn’t have one care for the female’s mass of back quills! Her hands once more cupped the purple beauty’s hanging breasts. Her hips slapped loudly against the plump, purple rump!

Aleena had her eyes shut from bliss! Her heart soared as Alicia leaned down to kiss her cheek.

“Cum, dearest,” Alicia whispered into her ear. “Cum for me!”

“Oh! Oh Alicia! I AM! I’m going to…. AAAAAALLLLLIIIIIICCCCIIIIIIAAAA!!!” she screamed into the night!

“AAAAAAAALLLLLLEEEEEENNNNNAAAAAA!!!!” the other queen’s voice rang out as well.

*****
Sometime later, the two women lay in bed together. Both shone with sweat on top of the sheets. They were far too heated for blankets at the moment. The strap-on lay forgotten at the foot of the bed.

Alicia spooned against Aleena’s back. The chipmunk was surprised. Aleena’s quills were so soft! So warm! It felt like the best mattress in the world!

A drowsy voice came from her companion. “It’s a might drafty, Alicia. Hold me a little closer, please.”

Alicia grinned and snuggled tightly against the other queen. Her face buried in a sea of sweet-smelling purple. One hand cupped a breast. The other wrapped around her waist. A hand drifted over Alicia’s. Soon the only sound in the room was a shared, soft breathing.

*****
Morning found Sally walking through the halls of the castle. She wore a long, dark blue robe around her body and a wide smile on her face. The princess entered the dining room. Sunlight spilled through the big windows. She saw that the servants had put out a decent amount of food for breakfast. Sally felt her stomach rumble slightly. Last night HAD been rather… extraneous.

She was just about to start making a plate when she saw her mother was already up. The queen sat at an outdoor table, clad in her usual orange robe. Occasionally, she sipped at what looked like a cup of steaming tea.

That didn’t surprise Sally. What DID was first, her mother appeared to be well rested and smiling. A rare scene. But it also appeared Alicia wasn’t alone. Sitting next to the elder Acorn was a purple, female hedgehog clad in a fluffy, white robe.

“Oh, Sally dear! Won’t you join us?” called Alicia as she waved her daughter over.

The princess did so. The gears already started to turn inside the younger chipmunk’s head.

“Good morning Sally,” said Aleena with a pleasant smile. “I hope you had a good rest,”

Sally returned the smile and nodded. “Yes, thank you Aleena. I did. I hope you had a pleasant sleep as well.”

“Indeed, I did dear. Your mother is a most gracious host!” beamed the purple queen. She sipped from her own teacup to hide a growing smirk.

Sally looked at her mother. “What about you mom? You must have finally found a way to cure Dad’s snoring!”

Alicia chuckled in her seat. “Well, not exactly dear. You see…”

“Oh man, I’m starvin’!” came a voice from inside. The three royals looked to see Sonic, wearing a black t-shirt and red boxers, walk outside with a loaded plate.

“Hey, Sal, want to have a quick bite before another round?” he offered as he walked to the table.

Suddenly the blue male stopped dead. Sally’s cheeks burned with embarrassment while Aleena and Alicia looked on, laughing at the scene.

“I’ll certainly help…” cooed Nicole as she shimmered into view. The princess groaned louder. Nicole was wearing a transparent, purple nightgown! The she-lynx blushed when she saw she had a larger than expected audience. Instantly, the gown became opaque.

“Guys! For the love of Mobius!” growled Sally as she rubbed her temples. “Too early for this…” she whispered.

Alicia and Aleena finished laughing and wiped away their tears. “Yes, yes, much too early,” agreed the elder Acorn.

Sonic and Nicole looked down, embarrassed. “So, I guess we should be going, eh Mom?” offered Sonic. “Important Queen Stuff to do and all that junk?”

“Nonsense, sweetie,” she answered. “My kingdom is in the hands of yourself, Sonia, and Manic. They’ll do fine for a bit.” She looked to Nicole.

“Nicole, is it possible to communicate with alternate dimensions without my son here being tossed across them?”

The she-lynx fidgeted, nervous by being address by her lover’s mother. “I-it’s possible. I-I can certainly speak to Rotor and Tails if need be…”

“Excellent!” Aleena exclaimed. Her hand gently squeezed Alicia’s. “I’m so looking forward to spending more time with new friends.” She winked at the older Acorn.

The three younger Mobians looked at the two. “Mom? What’s going one here?” asked Sally, befuddled.

Alicia faced her daughter. A pleasant smile still on her face, Alicia answered. “We’ll discuss it over breakfast dears. I want to have ONE nice meal before your father tries to ruin things.”

Aleena followed up with, “Then we can talk about the upcoming wedding between the three of you!”

Sonic, Sally, and Nicole’s jaws dropped open in shock! They stared wide-eyed and un-moving, completely dumbstruck by Aleena’s declaration.

The queens simply smiled at each other. The purple hedgehog squeezed Alicia’s hand warmly. “Won’t they be so happy to know at least their mothers-in-law get along?” asked Aleena with a giggle.

Alicia brought the other queen’s hand to her lips to kiss. “We’ll have to think of a way to celebrate tonight, won’t we?” she said with a wink of her own.
Yesterday, Alexstrasza—the aspect of life: a great red dragoness—had a peculiar dream that led to a swathe of the dream realm crackling with flames. The Emerald Dream is a spiritual world where dreamers can wander into. And it's under the protection of Ysera: a dragoness as green as Alex is red. From the back corners of her head, two thick parchment-colored horns sprout. They curve only slightly, heading off as two mostly-straight lines. Another horn juts from between her nostrils, near the front of her snout. And her underbelly is rose—laced with reptilian frills while her forepaw-ed wrists are wrapped in tree root.

Odd dreams that result in fiery destruction aren’t all that uncommon. The Dream is like memory foam: malleable, but it always bounces back to its natural state—given time. But this time, it’s personal. The tip of Ysera’s tail caught aflame. It burned and burned like a matchstick, flailing around as the Dreamer whipped her tail. The denizens of the dream world saw it all. The faerie dragons chittered. The druids stifled their giggles. The centaur-like Dryads and Keepers celebrated with boisterous, booming laughter.

Ysera may be wise, calm. But humiliation is where she draws the line.

So she called everyone she could. Every denizen that could walk, slither, or crawl was beckoned to an idyllic clearing. Squirrels and faerie dragons roosted in branches of the thick, oaken trees—nestled in bushels of jade leaves. Numerous animals gather around, watching.

And Ysera stood in the center. Lounging on her side in wind-brushed grass, right thigh crossed over the other, right claw covering the left—the dragoness waits.

...For Alex to fall asleep.

For the Aspect of Life to undergo an embarrassment of a lifetime.



Alexstrasza slips asleep without a worry. Much like . “Sisters” is a mortal term. And though the dragons aren’t quite divine, their lineage is less like a tree—and more like appropriately-colored dye in a basin of water. Swirling together, red and green are separate. But sometimes, yellow and magenta make red. And yellow is a component of green. Are they related? The human scribes say sisters, with Ysera being the youngest. But dwarvern experts say that’s stupid. Human nobles are trying to justify their inbred lines.

It’s all very confusing. The writers retcon it every third expansion.

As for Alex—one moment, she feels the cold of night. The air bites with cold, but she does not feel its sting. Fire, the gift of all life, burns within her bosom. To her—it’s the same feeling a mortal would get when wearing a warm coat on a frigid day. She may be snug, but she knows Winter’s knocking on the door.

The next, her heart slows. That world disappears. Melting away as if Spring had come, her scales begin to bask in cool breeze. Wyrmrest Temple—with its hard, snow-licked stone—is gone. Once again, Alex enters the world of sleep.

The gold chains attached to the gilded bracelets on her black horns clatter in the soft wind. Her leathery wings remain curled, shifting to shield Alex’s face from the breeze. All the while, her long ruby tail whisks through monstrously-tall grass. Taller than anything she’s known, the fibers catch on the tuft of hardened scales that puffs from her tailtip like a mace. And her lazily opening-and-closing nose is swathed in the pleasant scent of wildflowers, grassy petrichor, and a monstrous creature’s moist, wild breath.

“...Hmm?” It takes a long while for Alexstrazsa’s dreary mind to piece together what is wrong. Her nose sniffs once more—and then squashes in a hard cringe. A sudden gale of summery, spit-flecked winds washes over the dragon. Rolling over her as if it is solidified steam, the green dragon’s breath is piqued by peppery whiffs of wild spices.

What strangeness is this!? The ruby dragoness thinks, a small uncomfortable growl breeding in her throat. Her claws go to cover the bridge of her nose like a reeling dog, shaking as they fight the winds. No mere storm has the strength to bind an Aspect! And this—it reeks of raw wilderness: of plants and life unbound. Of… Ysera!?

Cinnamon, pepper, and a zesty root-like smell spike Alex’s nose. And her eyes, forced closed by the billow of wind, loathe to open as her body and nose continue to be bombarded. Chewed mint, she scents. And underneath that—the rotten smell of mildew and meat. And Alex’s connection to life lets her know what animals. Deer, bear, elk, wolf, horse, and gnome. If she is in the Emerald Dream, Ysera must’ve been the topic of at least one unlucky creature’s nightmares.

Ultimately, the blast comes to pass. Alexstrasza wrenches her eyes open, a bit of water beading in their corners from the powerful musk. Her squinting becomes an open-eyed gawking. The grass—or at least what would appear to be grass—is mammothine. It easily comes up to her withers, the itchy blades whisking her scales. And looking to the sky, she sees the familiar pale mossy mist of the Dream. But stamped into the sky, blanketing her in black shadow—is Ysera herself: ten-times as large.

Alex feels a phantom ball lodge in her throat, as if she began choking on a stubborn bone. Her lungs cease to work, scared into two useless quivering sacks in her chest. Ysera’s eternally-closed eyes still stare directly at the red dragoness. Behind her scaled eyelids, her glowing pupils permeate the skin—like a flashlight pressed against one’s palm. But when her pinkish claw cuts the sky and grips onto her tail—she knows this isn’t a mundane nightmare. She’s in the Dream, not her mindscape. It all feels too real. She can feel the Green’s claws rubbing deep into her now fragile-feeling tail. And like plucked from the earth by an uncaring bully, Alex swings into flight—her wings flapping in a fruitless struggle as she wobbles between Ysera’s clawtips. Hanging in front of her nose, Alex finally finds the strength to swallow her surprise and bark a biting shout.

“Have you descended to madness!?” The Dragon Queen’s golden, glowing eyes balk at the sight of the creatures surrounding the rim of the clearing. Everything is far too large. Ysera hasn’t grown. Alex has shrunken.

And in a flash, the red dragon is swamped in Ysera’s breath after her lips break apart, dribbles of drool breaking and flicking from her widening jaws. And the emerald dragoness begins to speak. “Perhaps, little salamander!”

Licks of flame singe Alex’s lips as she turns even redder with embarrassment. “Do not defoul my name by comparing me to such a thing! I am not small, vulnerable—”

Ysera clicks her tongue, “but aren’t you the Life-Binder, ‘She Who Is Life’, and—as Malygos posits—‘Big Strawberry’.”

A giggle from the entourage around. They stifled laughter silences when Ysera speaks again. “Thus, I do think you should be pleased being compared to a creature who breathes and lives the life you bestowed upon its ancestors.”

Each word batters the poor lizard with a fresh burst of hot air, rocking her around like a pinata plowed by a hurricane that’s torn through an all-natural spice shop. Resorting to feebly clawing the air, each swing of her fellow shrunken Aspect sparks a bit of delight in Ysera’s soul. It takes all of her effort to not giggle. But when her words conclude and Alex coughs with an hilariously-cutesy high-pitched whiffle, the Dreamer can’t hold back her mirth.

“Staunch your laughing!” Alex wheezes, “this is cruel humiliation! What is posing you to do this?”

Ysera smiles, still pinching Alex’s tail as she lounges in the grass. “Remember yesterday?”

“...The dream?”

“Verily. The dream. Highly embarrassing.”

“And this gives you the right to—”

“Embarrass you back? Well, indeed!”

Alexstrasza groans. Her nose feels like a clogged drain stuffed with a dozen herbs and spices. “Is my suffering coming to a conclusion, Ysera? To speak simply, I am dreadfully sorry.”

A ringing hum from the green wyrm’s throat. It ends with pop of her lips and a simple, brazen, “no. ‘Fraid not. I promised the wilds a show.”

A fiery huff from Alex, the air evaporating from the flame spouting from her mouth. “What did you promise, Ysera?”

“...” The green dragon is silent. A couple rustlings from the crowd and whispered words. Ysera whispers a few of her own. Her breath sibilant, Alex’s blood freezes when they reach her ears. “I vowed something more shameful than last night. And, well, sex sells. I didn’t quite expect the whole glade to come...”

The fire drake’s blood freezes as Ysera’s claw moves for the first time in a long while. Alex’s world becomes a blur of green and magenta as her puny body sails away from the great dragonness’s face. She rushes low, following the contour of Ysera’s curved neck, arriving between her forelegs and chest. But she doesn’t stop there. Stammering, the Dragon Queen glides along the path of the emerald wyrms belly—approaching her thighs. Ysera’s leg lift. The peanut gallery’s chatter becomes an excited, chaotic clamor.

A frog lodged in her gullet, Alexstrasza is slapped with a sight she never wanted to see. At the base of her tail, swamped with the heavy weight of dragon musk, is a parting between scales. Vertical, Alex feels the fire in her belly crackle with disgust. She gets a glimpse of the slick flesh within when the dragon’s groin tenses. The muscles around her cunt become clearly visible as their frame bulges against her skin. Worse yet, Alex feels sick with the knowledge of what color Ysera’s inner cunt flesh is: purplish-pink—rosier than normal flesh: lacking the red-tinge of mortal blood pumping through the flush, fluid-filled flesh.

And as the red dragon swims through musky air—her nose pointed away, but her eyes glued to the horror ahead—Alexstrasza growls uneasy as she spots the drenched flesh around Ysera’s thighs. It’s sticky from either sweat or arousal. And unfortunately, it smells like both.

Her snout hovering above the horrid orifice, Alex’s ears hearing the squelching of fluids and rubbing muscle inside, she feels Ysera’s claw slide up her back. Repositioning, Alex finds herself cradled in a single talon. And the forest goes silent as Ysera begins to mush her inside.

Squashed into ripe, watery hell, Alexstrasza grimaces in disgust as she’s slushed through gooey flesh and viscous fluid. Horribly hot, Alex barges through a web of goo, snapping it over her nose so that it splats over her face, neck, and back. Her belly slides along what would be ceiling—now a horizontal wall because of Ysera’s leaning, laying posture. And at her intrusion, the slobbering walls crush. Soft flesh molds around her, squeezing fluids trickling from within as they squeeze around the binded dragon. Her large wings smooshed awkwardly around her, she fills the tunnel nicely. From the ridges and rivets in her wings to the pleasurable shape of her curved spine and clawed toes—Alex is a fine shape. Ysera agrees. Alex is besieged by the low grumble of a ginormous pleased dragon. She hears the clack and slide of her bones and the squelching of sopping muscle as the dragoness rolls her hips forward, thrusting with her middle claw still buried deep in her box. And it’s in that moment—Alex realizes how close to a meat puppet even dragons like her are. Just the simple movement of shifting hips affects every part of her lower body. Her mouth dry, Alex hears the dull sound of her tail sliding across the grass. She sights the walls ahead tensing—collapsing as their forward motion squashes the green dragon’s wrist into her crotch. She can feel Ysera’s rising heartbeat booming through the walls. Steadily growing faster, the frightened dragoness feels smaller than ever when Ysera begins to rock—and she can hear the noises of her chunky, glop-filled stomach glorping as she scrunches her gut in pleasure.

On the outside, Ysera starts slow. She keeps one thigh raised with a bit of reluctance. She did promise the Dream’s denizens a show. And if she ever needed to summon them again for a real emergency… she didn’t want them skipping because they were still bitter about not getting a good luck at dragon cooch.

Besides, Ysera isn’t abject to showing off. Proud, wise, and ancient the dragons are—Ysera is one of the few that knows how to have fun. Chronormu takes the crown for that category, but Ysera isn’t that far behind.

Also, she’s still pissed at Alex. So, given that her current body is near-indestructible, why not have some fun?

A soft moan trilling in her throat, Ysera wags her tail as she starts her masturbation with a bit more gusto. Gaining confidence, imagining Alexstrasza’s revolted face—all drizzled with her cum—the dragoness licks her fangs. Loosening her joints, she relaxes. Her hips pump in smooth motions, rolling along with the movement of her claw. Her digit varies from a simple thrust in-and-out—dragging Alex across the spongy ceiling to bash her with fresh helpings of newly-flooded gush—to a grossly-indulgent circling rub as uses her draconic rag to dig deep into the cream-soaked folds.

“Cursed prankster!” the cum-drenched dragon cries, “you hadn’t needed to go through with it! And—and—” Despite Alexstrasza’s closed lips, she still gurgles on her spit, soured in disgust, “you’re relishing in this!?”

The red dragon’s face is dunked in a puddle of building goop as Ysera begins to swirl her claw around. Alex is crushed amongst the pulsing flesh, cudgeled by tensing flesh as the dragon’s rocking hips milk her shapely body for all that it’s worth. The green dragoness now under lust’s spell, she cares little of her pride. And from what she can sense of the creatures around her, she knows they’re entranced by the show. Laughing, staring, what not—they’re thoroughly entertained by the ruby dragon’s suffering. Thus, with her own climax building, Ysera decides to make the last act memorable.

She lumbers to her feet, clenching her goods hard as she slips out her claw—leaving Alex to squirm in a sweltry pocket of crinkled flesh and hot cum. Facing one side of a clearing dominated by the sapient feral wildlife of the Dream—she hefts herself onto her hind legs. Balancing in squat, she lets her claw slip low again. And she delights in her audience’s gasp as lets her paw slither to her clit in full view of her crowd.

And with head bobbing, chine raised, she begins to rub. Going in circles, smearing her digits left-and-right, up-and-down, she starts hard and fast. She groans, feeling the wriggling thing inside her squirm against chewing walls. Her cunt punches Alexstrasza into her draconic equivalent of a G-spot. And her pitching crotch, circling forward-and-back like her hips are attached to a crank, grinds the salamander’s scales into the spongy flesh until the ruby dragon starts turning green with motion sickness and disgust.

Utterly shameless, Ysera feels that familiar growing tightness. She presses through, suppressing her urge to cum. Her thighs subtly twist, pinching her groin together as a gargling, beleaguered dragon roar barely manages to eeke past her disgusting cunt flesh. And in the final seconds, Ysera’s head bounces as her jaws snap. Barking half-formed growls, Ysera’s speech becomes entirely feral as she feels the floodgates open—and the pouring of dopamine washes into her mind.

With a whining growl like a dog in heat, Ysera cums. Her inner muscles squash all in at once—rolling over Alexstrasza as her dream fibres begging to unravel. Her temporary body begins to grind into the dream dust it always was. While harmless and non-fatal, as Alex would simply awaken upon “death”, the dragon still squeals in terror as body is pounded, mushed, grinded, and weathered into shimmering green glitter. Her face being what’s left for last, the final thing she sees before being washed out with the backed-up pussyjuice—is her own dusty form becoming shiny slush splattered along violet flesh.

And with a great big sigh, Ysera feels her cunt throb as the boisterous crowd celebrates. A glistening goo pours from her pussy and piles onto the grass.

Poor Alexstrasza, she rips awake from her nightmare. And her horrified roar wakes all of Wyrmrest Keep. It’s no wonder the next day, a gaggle of Horde and Alliance adventures gather outside her door. Her scream was so terror-stricken, they thought someone died. And that there would be a quest to find their killer.

No one died, of course. But with so many adventurers eager for work, Alexstrasza is already planning how to use them for her playful revenge.
A plate was not a very good place to rest.
    This was a conclusion you'd come to after some indeterminate amount of time spent trying to recuperate from being used as a Lopunny's seat cushion, only to be passed off to whoever might come upon you next. You'd long since given up trying to get his attention to read this stuff to you, and eventually settled for just laying there, eyes closed, savoring the quiet. You had no idea when you'd get to hear this little again, especially with how things had been going...
    "Interesting."    
    Your eyes shot open, meeting a pair staring you down, hovering inches away from you. You scrambled back reflexively, the blue-furred face in front of you unfazed. You sat stock-still on the plate, staring at what you recognized to be a Lucario, waiting for... well, anything, really. His intense stare still locked on you, he tilted his head to the side.
    "You have a very... complicated... aura, little one. Did you know that?"
    You shook your head, cautiously. Vaguely, it registered that this was the first time you'd actually been asked to respond to anyone since your arrival.
    "This sign... says you are to be taken from here by the first to be willing."
    That made sense. It wasn't as though the Lopunny had shown any willingness to help you out any further, after all.
     "You are... complacent in this? You're just going to.. accept it?" He frowned.
    The confusion gave you pause. It hadn't occurred to you that you'd had any other choice, honestly, and experience had generally proven that to be the case.
    "...That will not do."
    Suddenly, you were lifted off the plate, the Lucario's paw wrapped firmly around you as he straightened up and looked around, before quietly making his way to the exit with you in tow. You barely managed to hang on to what little the Lopunny had given you as you were carried off, presumably towards the exit. Above, you could hear your captor continue, albeit much quieter than before.
    "You *must* learn to stand for yourself, little one. You'll be eaten alive otherwise." The steady thud of his footsteps paused, and he glanced down at you. "It won't be pleasant. Lucario sweat is known for improving strength, though, so… it is necessary.”
    He stopped talking for awhile, seemingly trying to find something as he walked. Not that you could see anything beyond the furry mitt that held you, nor did you particularly want to. You'd never been a fan of heights... which made your situation all the worse, now that you thought about it. So, instead of struggling, you just sat there, and hoped whatever happened next wouldn't be too horrible. Seemed to be a common theme, lately, but what were you going to do?
    You didn't have to wait long. It was a ten minute's walk at most, the Lucario pausing here and there, and the light sifting through his fingers making up the only clues as to where you were. Finally, he stopped for good, the world shifting around you as he sat down, opening up his paw and leaving you sitting on top, covering your eyes at the sudden light.
    As your eyes adjusted, your field of vision was once again taken up by his mesmerizing stare, locking you in place as he fiddled with something below your field of view.
    "Hm. I think.. 2 hours."
    That was... less than reassuring. As feeling returned to your legs, you rose unsteadily to your feet on his palm, only to be interrupted as he shifted, sending you tumbling to your knees once again.
    "Don't do that. This is for the best."
    Just as you'd steadied yourself, ready to try again, the floor began to tilt, sending you sprawling to the side, the scenery blurring around you as you fell. The most you could make out was that wherever you were... it was dark. Not pitch black, but whatever lights were around were definitely out. Anything beyond that would have taken more time than you had, your fall having ended almost as soon as it'd begun. You landed on a soft, squishy... damp surface, the breath forced out of your lungs as you collapsed against the ground. You took a shuddering breath, the thick, pungent odor around you filling your lungs, and looked up, the walls of... wherever he'd dropped you... extending far above your head.     After a moment, his head came into view, far above the mouth of your new prison.
    "Trust me, little one. You will survive. If you do not learn to stand for yourself, you will endure much worse after you have left me."
    As you picked yourself up off the ground, still struggling to breathe in the damp, musky chamber, you barely had a chance to look around before the hole above you was filled, instantly making clear what he'd dropped you into.
    Instantly, you scrambled backwards, running for the toe of the giant, pitch-black boot you were now inhabiting as his massive, sweaty paw began to press towards you. Stumbling across the plush, sweaty sole, you barely made it halfway across before he touched down, his massive toes seconds away from fully crushing you as you scrambled away. With every passing second, the atmosphere grew hotter and thicker, the musk filling your lungs barely enough to sustain you. Finally, barely conscious, you stumbled against the toe of the boot, just in time to slump back against it and watch as the Lucario's toes approached. Not that you could see much, their approach choking out what little light filtered in from above as much as they choked out your fresh air.
    His voice, muffled by the leather around you, sounded from above. "You have two hours, little one. Stay conscious, you will come out of this stronger. I can feel your aura... if it fades, you will gain nothing."
    Easy for him to say. As he shifted his foot around, jostling your tiny, already sweat-soaked body, you were dragged further and further from the somewhat safe spot you'd nestled yourself in, pulled closer and closer to the underside of his sole. You scrabbled for something, some loose thread to grab onto, but you only slipped further down as the boot tilted around you, the sole providing no footholds for you to grab onto. You hit the gap between his toes hard, your face slamming into the sweaty surface of his foot and sticking as his toes instinctively clenched around you. The musk was at its strongest here, the thick, salty scent of sweat dominating your senses as you desperately gasped for air. Faintly, though... you somehow found it tolerable.
    As you were forced to take deep, almost painful breaths of the Lucario's musk, his toes wriggled around you constantly, working sweat and grime into your already filthy, sweaty clothes. Inevitably, you opened your mouth to breathe, sucking in a huge amount of salty sweat along with whatever air you could get. All around you, his massive toes ground you into the pit between them, holding you in place as they squeezed and squished you mercilessly. It seemed to last for hours, days even, before they finally stopped..
    ...If only to let you slip further down, your face dragging against his toe pit and giving you another mouthfull of sole as you were dragged under the ball of his foot. The pressure... was nothing, admittedly, compared to what you'd been through, but combined with the heat and the sweat, was just as unbearable. Faintly, again, it struck you as odd that he wasn't crushing you underfoot... you were right underneath the ball of his foot, pinned against his greasy, pink pawpad, and still... it was as though he only needed to hold you there, kneading you against the insole of his boot. If you had anything to be thankful for, you thought to yourself as you were trampled, it was that he wasn't walking. You were sure you wouldn't survive if he was.
    The surface of his sole, the bright pink, greasy pawpad, conformed to your figure, pinning you down against the insole of the boot and flexing back and forth against your helpless form. Despite your best efforts, you couldn't even thrash, your limbs pinned down as he rubbed against you, grinding his dirty, sweaty foot into you. You had no way of knowing how long you were down there, each movement sliding you across the surface of his sole towards his heel. You were almost perpendicular to the ground  by the time you slid down and hit his heel, your legs forced to either side as you straddled it.
    You groaned reflexively, leaning in without thinking to hold onto his foot as best you could, your arms and legs splayed out to either side trying to keep your grip. The longer you were sat atop his foot, now a vertical wall of fur and flesh, the more you became aware of your growing arousal. With every movement of his foot between your hips and against your face, you grew more and more intoxicated, the newfound infatuation rapidly dominating your senses. In some regard, the Lucario must have realized what you were doing, rocking your hips against his foot as you took shuddering breath after breath of his overpowering musk. Faintly, far above your head and outside the steamy boot, you heard him... chuckle, as he began to work his sole against you, heightening your pleasure with every passing second. At the height of your passion, you leaned in, your entire face buried in the fur coating his foot as you took a shuddering breath, slowly dragging your tongue across its salty surface. You lost yourself in the heat of the moment, desperately rocking your hips against his heel as you buried you face in his sole, smothering yourself in sweat and musk as you felt yourself begin to climax, the ecstasy blinding you as you clung to the Lucario's giant foot, soaking your already filthy jeans through.
    Eventually, you let go, letting yourself fall back against the boot and slide to the heel. Exhausted, sweaty, filthy, you could only sit as your captor rested his heel firmly against you, pinning you down where you were. Thankfully, he let you rest as you contemplated what had just... happened. Hell of a way to find out you had a kink, but at least you hadn't found out about it moments before it killed you. You'd just grown acclimated to the thick stench surrounding you when, without warning, the heel lifted. The entire foot slid past you, giving you one last taste as it dragged across your face on its way out. You were dumped unceremoniously out onto the Lucario's palm, the light temporarily blinding you as you threw your arms up to meet it.
    "You did... well... I think, anyway." The bemusement in the Lucario's voice was clear, even before you took the arm from your eyes. "You are stronger for it. More knowledgable about yourself, as well, I believe," he held back a laugh, "But that is between us."
    You... processed that, for a moment, then remembered. Quickly, you pulled the backpack off your back, praying that the contents hadn't been reduced to a sweaty pulp... and somehow, miraculously, pulled out a perfectly intact piece of paper.
    "Hm? What do you have there, little one?"
You gestured with the paper, offering it to him.
"This is... tiny. I will do my best."
 After several minutes of squinting, something clicked in the Lucario's expression.
"Ah! That is simple. This says you must... "encounter" six Pokemon before you can return home." He frowned, his brow furrowed. "This is a very... strange word here, this 'encountered'. It means something more... intimate than would normally apply."
You took the writing back, a few ideas of your own brewing. Of course, *you* knew what that meant the moment the word "intimate" left his lips. You didn't know how the Lopunny had known that, nor why you would have to do.. this sort of thing.. six times before you would be allowed to leave. For that matter, you still didn't know how to leave at all.
The Lucario took notice of your worried expression almost immediately. Or, maybe it was your "aura" as he'd said before.
"You don't seem to be happy about this, little one. Or, perhaps that took more out of you than I let on. Obviously, you cannot stay here, but I can offer some guidance." You looked up at him, sensing that you would be sent on your way again. "Here."
He raised his other paw, a single finger extended as he pressed it into your forehead. At that moment, you saw it: the exact location of your destination, right down to the hole in the wall at ground level you'd need to enter. A pink-and-white building, small, but cozy. You also noticed, to your greatest relief since arriving, that you were no longer absolutely filthy.
"That is the home of my partner, little one. You are not the first to find training taxing, as you may have guessed. Though, you are the only one to endure... that particular regimen. In any case, she will help you recover. It will be.. an easy trip for one such as you."
Of course. You'd grown accustomed to this by now, and so when he set you down just outside the door of... wherever you were... you were unfazed. Though, as you looked back to wave goodbye.. you found yourself, however briefly, wondering if you should stay.
Of course, the fact that you were at eye level with his boots probably influenced your thinking, somewhat.
Licc Vs. Succ
“Uhh, is that a joke?” A thick, well-hung male Yoshi sat up from his spot in the lush, grassy forest
clearing, “You don't even have a tongue, let alone one as sticky and long as mine! I'll make you blow
loads on every tree here!”
“A tongue just gets in the way~” A equally fat-cocked Birdo coyly answered, her plump tits and belly
wobbling gently as the pink creature eagerly crawled towards Yoshi, “Do I need to remind you what
kind of vacuum seal I can get on you with this schnozz of mine? Your balls won't have a drop left in
them once I'm done~”
The horny pair had barely been able to keep themselves off of one another from the moment they'd met
up today, and with the argument heating up, so did their libidos.
Yoshi opened up his arms to accept Birdo into them, his hands gravitating to the pink lady's overgrown
funbags as they began to smother his own smooth flat pectorals. Their large, beefy dicks nuzzled
earnestly against one another, unabashed in helping themselves stiffen up together to full mast as
familiar, affectionate friends.
Out here in the wilderness like this, there was no one to be mindful of, and neither of them made any
effort to suppress the sounds of their arousal around one another. Yoshi's eyes intimately trained on
Birdo's as his head lowered, that infamous red tongue of his lolling out to descend and collect some of
the sticky precursors welling up in his egg-launching pal's thick tip. The busty beauty's big tube-like
snout wiggled involuntarily, the sensitivity of her length peaking with that precious little bit of
stimulation she so badly yearned for.
Their patience quickly waned; both of them wanted more.
“My licking versus your sucking...want to see who makes who swallow first?” Yoshi's tongue noisily
slurped back past his lips as he issued the proposition.
“Only if I get a piece of that cute green tush of yours after I win~” Birdo cooed, one well-manicured
hand delicately drifting down to comfortably cradle her thick, heavy cock.
“You're always at your smuggest right before I make your balls paint the forest floors. Those big,
flabby pink buns of yours are mine, bud.” Yoshi grinned, letting his own girth bob softly against the
side of Birdo's chunky thigh as they separated a tad.
They unceremoniously assumed the positions, unable to resist teasing each other's big dicks as they
lined up 6 to 9, snout to cock.
“Ready to cum?” Yoshi's tongue dangled against Birdo's throbbing meat.
“Mmph.” The sheer circumference of the green egg-layer's girth neatly plugged Birdo's big bazooka
snout, muffling her reply as she slid down to Yoshi's base.
They started having at one another in no time flat, a cacophony of slurping and sucking filling the
clearing. Yoshi's dexterous extra appendage wrapped nimbly around his chubby, endowed pal, taking
long lascivious licks of every impressively thick inch of Birdo. As the green dino savored Birdo's
length, the latter's perfectly shaped fuck tube was expanding and contracting rhythmically around
Yoshi's meaty manhood.
Small whimpers and whines began to emit from them both as their throbbing lusts built in strength, and
Yoshi greedily gobbled as much of Birdo as he could to up the ante.
A hot, steamy moan cascaded around the green fruit glutton's dick, his soft-bodied pink partner weak to
her own medicine. Birdo in turn brought her more jiggly assets to bear around Yoshi, earning her a
squeal from the green dino as her big, pillowy tits flanked Yoshi's meat with a nice hearty squeeze.
The dino duo, with their plush asses and fat cocks, continued to toy with each other until their sexual
endurance positively demanded release. Yoshi's breathing grew ragged as his thrusts into Birdo's
heavenly face hole became involuntary with powerful lust.
He attempted to lather the pink plumper's fat balls with his stimulating tongue, but it was too late for
him to resist that sweet suckling snout any longer.
An eruption of white overflowed the rim of Birdo's big pink bazoo, Yoshi's work on his end falling
slack as he rode the climactic waves of delightful defeat. Birdo withdrew from the green, panting mess,
smug as ever as she pat her chunky, cum-sated potbelly in front of him.
“Turn around, Yoshi~” Birdo purred sweetly at her heavily pleasured friend, who in turn submissively
pushed out his round, full ass at the victor of their little cumming contest.
The pink dino immediately buried herself deep into those doughy green cheeks, claiming her prize with
a low throaty moan as Yoshi's tight insides immediately clamped around her beefy loins. A small trail
of cum leaked vacantly from Birdo's big tube of a snout, the impressive rutting weight of her hips
causing the gratified Yoshi to dig his fingers deep into the dirt below to brace himself against the
oncoming onslaught.
The cute little tail about Yoshi's plump, naughty ass wiggled in glee as his entire lower half jiggled
against Birdo's monster dick shoved between them. It was the pink one's turn to start huffing and
puffing with mounting pleasure now, her heavyset physique wobbling lazily with each powerful hilting
into her green prize.
The sounds of her chunky cheeks softly clapping together between each hump synchronized with the
weighty flops of her great big boobs hitting against her doughy little gut. Birdo panted and whined
needily as her cocksleeve partner earnestly threw himself back into the pretty pink dino's pudgy hips,
wanting to make sure his big sexy friend got to fully claim what was rightfully hers.
The sheer weight and heft of Yoshi's own manhood bobbed and bounced beneath him against his
tummy, a viscous trail of messy precum leaking constantly from its swollen end.
The wet thick sounds of literal ounces of their combined spunk spattering the grass beneath them
signalled the end of Birdo's reaming Yoshi, the wet, sticky clapping of their well-fed flesh lowering in
intensity once the former's stamina finally flagged.
Yoshi flopped over onto a fresher patch of grass once Birdo was out of him with a gloopy squelch, his
heavily creamed ass leaking out in between his thick, shapely legs.
“You gonna gloat now that my ass is well and fully fucked?” The green dino playfully teased.
“Mmnh~” A murmur of contentment from Birdo served as Yoshi's reply, the pudgy pink of the pair on
her back with her pendulous tits gracelessly splayed over of both sides of her well-rounded front.
Yoshi scooted closer, his hand sinking gently into the soft padding of Birdo's belly and boobs as he
caressed her affectionately for a while. He reached further up to fix up Birdo's cute red bow, the pink
dino's long nails gratefully grazing along his cheek in turn.

They basked for a while before Birdo's eyes caught Yoshi's loins slowly growing upwards in real time,
thick and tall once more.
The promiscuous pink dino casually reached over towards Yoshi, her digits wrapping around her pal
with a few light strokes.
“Wanna go again? I'm down to make it best 2 out of 3 if you are~”
Heeeeyyyy! Another story!


Be warned though! This story focuses on some grosser fetishes that everyone may not like! Please read through the tags this time! If only for your own sanity! If you would like to avoid the gross content, do not read past the OH NO in the story! This has been your PSA!


This was the result of a raffle I held when I reached 500 faves! So that's kind of cool! The winner was Spideyzak Spideyzak, and he requested this amazing idea for a story! It was incredibly fun to write, and I learned some more about how to improve my writing style, so yay! Also visit Spidey's page! He comms some amazing pieces, and his character is one of the cooler ones I have ever seen! And some great art that he has done himself! Watch him! Also watch TheAmarikano TheAmarikano! His fox is really awesome, and he is the other character in the story! So watch them both! They deserve it!


This story focuses on taur Spidey visiting a campsite, where the campsite owner TheAmarikano is quick to lead him around the campsite, unaware of the intentions of the gnollsune taur, as his belly growls loudly, following the heavy fox.


Thank you everyone for all of the favorites! It means so much that you all enjoyed the stories I write, and I hope to continue to write many more in the future! I love you all! Keep being incredible people!



Cuddly Camper Chow Down


Standing in front of a thriving campground was a most mysterious sight. Anyfur whose eyes set upon this fantastic beast had no choice but to gawk at his figure. He stood taller than everyone else, his tauric body adding onto his intimidating frame as his body reaches a few feet above everyone else, with his body looking like someone had stacked a handsome knoll on top of a horse. Brown fur lined most of his back, which led all the way down to his feet paws and the end of his two tails, where there was a blue thunderbolt which points down to the black fur adorning the tips. He had a supple amount of fat lining his lower taur half, his belly swaying with every step into the campsite’s gates.

Speckled along his fur were black, blue, and sky-blue dots, seemingly placed at random intervals along his brown furred back. Contrasting the dark colors of his fur was the tan fur that ran down his chest, the same colored fur running along the underside of his body, all the way down to the gigantic balls that sway behind him, the glorious globes swinging pendulously behind him as each heavy step from his lower body brought him closer to the campsite. Anyone looking at him from behind would see the big donut underneath his two tails, the circular tailhole standing out as the black donut sat smoothly against his backside.

His face was a sight to behold. With a mane of black starting from the center of his chest, and trailing up his chest, which drapes over his head to form the dreads that graces his head, the black mane fading into a soft gray near the tips of the dreads. His snout has the brown fur and speckled dots that ran over his body, as the underside was the same tan as his chest, running up to his black nose. His face had the visage of a superhero, with what looks to be a black mask of fur covering the area around his light blue eyes, tiny blue thunderbolts sitting in the center. His jaw was filled with jagged teeth, two fangs jutting out from the bottom of his maw, as his thunderbolt eyes stares out at all the denizens on the campground.

There are furs of all kind milling around the area, communicating with each other as they lived out their communal life. They are moving in and out of their simple cabins, their wooden structures looking so calm and peaceful among the trees of the forest. The area was secluded from view of other people, as the only splotch of color that sat apart from the browns and the greens was a pristine pond sitting within eyesight of the campsite, the shocking blue of the pond causing a spark to run along the taur’s paws as he stares at the lake. Another thing that stood out about this place in the pamphlet is the rather… unique dress code policy, with clothes being an optional part of this campsite, which everyone seemed to adore, with various males and females walking around in the nude, not even slightly perturbed by the lack of clothes.

“Excuse me sir? What brings you to the Cuddly Camper Campsite today?”

The sudden appearance of a fox causes the taur to nearly jump out of his fur, his fur cackling as he stares down at the orange and white furred fox, the dark brown accents around the tips of his ear making him stand out as the same brown accents sit at the tip of his tail, with a small amount of white to finish it off. He is wearing a green shirt that barely contains the massive form of his chest, the thick moobs resting perfectly atop his large belly. He also wore a tight pair of cargo pants, that barely wraps around the impressive size of his package and massive butt, really stretching the clothes to their extent as it shows off every inch of his impressive size. He also held a clipboard in his tiny paws, the small accessory containing a list of everyone at the camp. The taur scoffs down at the tiny fox, not knowing anyone who wasn’t intimidated by his large stature, “Well! I just read on the web that there was an abundance of furs here, and that it would be… quite a fun time here! So, I figured why don’t I give the campsite a slight tas- I mean look!”

The orange fox tilts his head at the gnollsune taur, the gnollsune’s impressive figure definitely helping him to stand out in a crowd, and maybe even making him… a little cute, “Well okay then! That’s great to hear Misteerrrr…?”

The gnollsune chuckles at the fox, his giant figure standing out apart from the crowd, “Spidey. It’s a pleasure to meet you!”

The fox jots Spidey’s name down on the clipboard that he is carrying, adding a little heart next to the name as he finishes writing the name down in neat lettering on the clipboard, “And it’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance Spidey! My name’s Amarikano!” The fox holds up a paw, before the gnollsune promptly shakes it, “Now then! Since introductions are in order, would you like to have a tour around the campsite?”

A smirk crosses Spidey’s face, as he stares down at the smiling fox, “Sure. Why not? Might as well see everything that I can do here!”

“Great! Then come along with me Spidey, and I’ll show you around!” The fox walks off, giving Spidey an amazing look at the giant rump of the fox, his massive body jiggling with every step, as his butt wobbles with every heavy footfall. His tail sways seductively from side to side as he looks back, catching the gnollsune in the, “So are you gonna keep staring hun, or are you gonna follow?”

“Haha… I’m coming I’m coming!”

Spider can’t help but be attracted to this fox as he walked away, his swaying hips and massive body attractive to the gnollsune’s eyes. Spidey chases after the fox, the fat on his lower body swinging with every heavy step, and his package swinging entrancingly below his body, as his four foot paws carry him after the cute fox.

You know…

Maybe I’ll keep this one.



An hour passes by as Spidey and the fox explore the campsite, visiting every interesting site that the fox could think of, from the cabins, to the small hiking trail, (which neither fur wanted to go up), and finally examining the cabins located in the center of it all. No matter where they went, there is an abundance of furs without any semblance of clothes on, flashing some insane sights to the gnollsune as furs with some gigantic packages and globular globes walked easily around the campsite, not ashamed at all with their indecency.

Of course… none of them are as big as Spidey or Amarikano.

The tour ends with both the fox and the gnolltaur right back in the center of the campsite, with various furs avoiding the two as their giant figures took up a majority of the path way. The walk around the campsite was definitely not one without teasing, as both Spidey’s and Amarikano’s assets teased the other immensely, both of their giant butts and shaking packages only turning the other on more. Wanting to keep a semblance of decency, both furs were steadfast and remained flaccid throughout the whole adventure, even if their sheaths were ready to let their beasts go.

Amarikano is the first to speak up, “So? How was the tour? Is this campsite everything you thought it would be?”

“Oh for sure! It is certainly just as populated as I thought it would be! There is just so much life!” Spidey stares down at the thick fox, his thunderbolt eyes literally sparking as he stares at Amarikano’s face, “And. I got to meet a cute fox.”

Amarikano blushes as the gnolltaur stares straight into his green eyes, a red tint covering his cheeks under the electric gaze of Spidey, “U-um… Thank you Spidey… And I got to meet you too…”

Spidey stares at Amarikano, before placing a paw on the fox’s shoulder, a small jolt running through the fox’s body as electricity sparks from the gnollsune’s paw. Amarikano jumps back from the sudden shock, his body tingling from the slight electric shock. The gnolltaur stares down at his paws, the electricity between them literally visible as Spidey looks at Amarikano, “Oops… I always forgot about that… I hope you’re not hurt!”

The fox is visibly flushed as the taur worried about this person he just met, as he just fidgets his small little paws, “I-it’s fine… You d-didn’t mean to do it…”

What the fox didn’t know is that Spidey has much more evil intentions, the electricity coursing through his body ramping up his hunger, unbeknownst to the fox. Amarikano can feel as the electricity travels through his body, causing tingles to run up his arms and down his legs before the slight shock settles in on his belly. His heavy belly rumbles loudly as the electricity did its job, making him desperately starving. His eyes open wide as the sudden sensation ran throughout his body, his belly grumbling loudly as the thought of food runs through his head.

But… the food hall is too far. That one hundred feet looking too far to the food craved fox. His eyes trail around, as Spidey stares down at the desperate fox, knowing exactly what is going to happen next.

And the gnollsune isn’t wrong. Amarikano’s emerald eyes set upon a smaller deer that is walking by, his giants assets shaking pendulously with every step. The orange and white fox ran up to the deer, his whole body wobbling with each heavy step as his gigantic assets prove to be no problem for the fox. He ran up to the poor guy, who did not expect ANYTHING interesting to happen today, before the fox’s hands wrap around the poor mustelid’s waist, lifting the deer into the air as his balls and cock hung heavily below him, before the fox shoves the head of the deer into his salivating maw, muffling the sounds of the deer’s struggle as Amarikano is shoves the deer further into his maw, the deer traveling down as the fox’s throat as his paws feed him further into his giant gut. The only tiny roadblock is the giant package of the deer, but unluckily for the deer, the fox has swallowed much bigger before, as he quickly swallows down the soft orbs of the deer, following his hooved feet, leading the deer to his fate inside the fox’s stomach.

Spidey watches the fox devour down the deer, the tip of his black shaft peeking out of his sheath as he watches the fox move onto another victim. A lynx is passing on by, trying to attract anybody to his voluptuous hips that would watch, knowing full well that someone would be looking. Well… someone is looking. It just isn’t the kind of fur he is suspecting, as the giant fox wobbles quickly over to the thick hipped lynx, pressing his gut into the back of the lynx so he would feel the squirming deer inside of the fox’s gut. The fox’s paws wrap around the giant butt of the cat, lifting him upwards before beginning to feed the legs of the lynx into his hungering maw, delving the lynx to his fate as the cat is too shocked to even utter a gasp, his body disappearing into the fox’s stomach, pressing against the shaft of the deer as they are crammed against each other in the fleshy chamber of Amarikano’s guts.

A skinny lion watches on in amazement at the fox’s gluttony, rushing over to the giant fox. The lion accepts his fate as the fox is quick to pick up the tiny lion, shoving the cat into his salivating muzzle, swallowing down the lion in one giant gulp, as Spidey watches in amusement as the fox’s throat bulges out even with the tiny form of the fox. His camp shirt is starting to ride up his belly, the three happy campers no longer as happy, as they squirm around inside the fox’s large stomach. Amarikano’s shirt rose up to his giant pair of moobs that sat so perfectly against his belly, jumping up and down with every breath as the exertion of swallowing down as many furs as possible tired him out. The heavy fox waddles over to a bench sitting right next to Spidey, his massive form flopping down on the bench as the wooden beams struggles to hold his massive weight.

Amarikano stares straight up at the gnollsune, seeing the giant smirk spread across his face. That didn’t matter to the fox now, as the lethargy from so much food hit him like a truck, as his eyes stare up at his new friend, “Hey… Spidey? Would you mind…” The heavy fox lets out an even heavier yawn, “Do you think you will be okay… alone for a while… I… need a nap…”

Spidey gives the fox’s shoulder a soft pat, “Of course bud! You just sleep off that heavy meal, and I’ll be fine on my own!”

“Okay Spidey… You behave now…”

“Hehe~ I can make no promises!”

“Night night Spidey… Love you…”

Spidey chuckles as the fox falls into a deep sleep, his prey moving around sporadically inside of his belly as the gnolltaur stares out across the campground, looking at all of the tasty furs that wanders around the campsite, somehow not seeing the wild display of the giant fox as he relaxes against the straining bench. His lower half growls loudly at the thought of every tasty morsel that he could shove down his throat, feeling as they slide through his digestive tract.

Well… there’s no point in waiting!

Spidey immediately spots someone walking along the trail, a chubby dragon making his way around the cabins. He body wobbles delightfully with every step as his folds shook with every heavy step, making the dragon look that much more appetizing to Spidey’s ravenous appetite. The gnolltaur walks quickly over to the dragon, standing in his path as the chubby drake stares up at the gnolltaur’s impressive figure, paying special attention to the package hanging heavily between Spidey’s back legs, the shaft having emerges mostly from its sheath. The dragon didn’t know what was about to hit him though as Spidey lunges forward, pinning the dragon beneath his lower half. The gnollsune’s black shaft pressing lewdly against the front of the dragon, his fat folds providing perfect friction as he humps forward against the chubby dragon. He continues his thrusting forward, rubbing heavily against the dragon as his shaft fully erects from its sheath, his giant knot sitting perfectly against the entrance to his sheath. With a hefty tug of his hips, Spidey pulls his plowing pillar backwards, the dragon looking down to watch the action unfold.

This was Spidey’s favorite part.

With a firm thrust forward of his hips, Spidey takes the foot paws of the dragon into the tapered head of his shaft, the dragon’s look of pleasure turning to pure terror as the taur’s cock engulfs his feet paws down. With another firm thrust from Spidey, his shaft engulfs more of the dragon’s thick legs into his head. Another thrust goes all the way up to pin the dragon’s paws to his side, as his form bloats out Spidey’s urethra with the giant form of the dragon’s body. His shaft moves swiftly over the drake’s form, tugging him deeper and deeper inside of the giant shaft as the gnolltaur continues to thrust forward. By the time the dragon is fully engulfed inside the tapered tip of the gnoll’s shaft, a copious stream of pre leaks against the ground. The dragon bulges out the taur’s urethra massively with his giant body, as he is fully sucked down into the gnollsune’s massive orbs, the roiling orbs stretching out with the form of the fat dragon.

Spidey lets out a loud groan as the dragon squirms around inside of his balls, pushing against the walls of his massive orbs, the tan orbs bulging outward with every slight push. He doesn’t have time to wallow in the pleasure though. His next victim is in sight, as a thin cat walks along the path way towards his cabin. Spidey can feel as his donut flexes excitedly for his next victim. He rushes after the cat, following them into their supposed cabin.

As soon as Spidey got inside, he is delighted to see multiple treats waiting for him! Many furs stare in disbelief as this giant taur that barely fit into the cabin looms over their statures. The taur’s stomach growls loudly as he stares at all of the furs standing lined up next to their beds, a veritable feast of furs standing before him! Spidey wastes no more time, his stomach urging him to start nomming down! He quickly scoops up two furs in his paws, holding onto them as he approaches another fur closest to him. He turns around to show the unfortunate fur the sight of the taur’s twitching tailhole, before he settles his donut right against their face, a small squelch can be heard as their head is easily swallowed down by his massive donut. Spidey slowly slides themselves down the body of the fur, more and more of their body being packed away into his stretchy anal cavity. Once the taur’s massive cheeks rest softly against the floor, the fur is fully stuffed inside the gnollsune’s anal cavity, their body going through the arduous journey of traveling along his digestive track, before they end inside his lower belly, their form bulging out the gut nicely.

The two furs in Spidey’s paws are not forgotten, as he presses the tasty treats against each other, before easing them both into his maw, his jaw stretching out massively to take in the forms of the two furs. Their bodies are quickly swallowed down, their forms moving through his upper belly, before ending up in his gut with the other fur that he had swallowed before. His belly is bloated out massively with the forms of the once thriving campers, their struggles proving useless against the gnolltaur’s stretchy stomach. The last two furs of the cabin were not forgotten, as Spidey easily stands back up, not hindered at all by his swaying gut or giant balls. He grabs the two furs by the scruffs of their necks, before pressing them lewdly against the head of his tapered cock. A giant glob of pre SPURTS out of his shaft, drenching the furs heads in a thick layer of baby batter, before he shoves their lubed-up heads against the tip of his shaft, their bodies easily slipping past the gnollsune’s tip, and making their way down to join the dragon already trapped within his balls.

With the cabin empty of any other furs, Spidey exits the wooden structure, before moving to the other 7 cabins sitting in a neat circle around the campsite. In every cabin there were at least five furs that were all minding their own business, before they were quickly swallowed down by the taur. Whether he was shoving furs down the length of his gargantuan shaft, sat on as his delightful donut slipped down over the fur’s body, or simply shoved down Spidey’s gullet, there was not a fur safe from the taur’s eating binge.

Aside from Amarikano. He was still sleeping soundly on the bench.

Spidey gave him a tiny head pat as he walks by him.

Then immediately shoves another fur down his cock, the massive orbs dragging heavily behind him as the struggling bodies of fifteen furs, now sixteen, did their best to try and escape their musky prison, to no avail. As Spidey clears out the final cabin in the campsite, his belly wobbles aggressively against his shaft, the struggling mass of twenty-five bodies inside his lower belly pressing heavily against the walls of his stomach as they try to find their way out. The stimulation from his belly rubbing against his shaft arouses him greatly, as a slime trail of cum detailed the exact path he took from cabin to cabin, with a few detours to wrangle up any furs outside of his direct path. Spidey looks around the camp area, sensing no more furs that he could shove down his still growling belly, the small feast he had doing nothing to satiate his ravenous hunger.

That is until… he heard a small shout.

Looking toward the direction of the lake, he can see countless furs hanging around the area of the lake, every single one looking more delicious than the last. If the small amount of people in the cabin were a feast, then this lake was an all-you-can-eat-buffet.

And Spidey is the only one that can clear out this buffet.

Spidey stops by and gives Amarikano a small pat on the head, before heading toward the pristine waters, his balls and belly swaying with every footfall. Not hindering the taur in the slightest, as he makes his way towards the lake.


The lake goers weren’t prepared for what was to come. Each one watches in amazement as Spidey nears the lake, his impressive bulk swaying with every step as he ran faster than any horse the furs have ever seen. They all watches in amazement as the taur saunters up to the first round of lake goers, the furs staring straight at the swinging gut of the taur, before seeing the bulges pressing against the inside of his stomach…

They stood frozen in fear as the taur is quick to pick up the petrified opossums, the couple watching in shocked disbelief as they are plunged into the gnollsune’s mouth, their bodies quickly getting swallowed down as they travel to join the twenty-five other unfortunate beings crammed within the taur’s stomach. No one could move, as they could feel their bodies tense up from a wave of electricity running through their bodies, leaving them all hopeless as Spidey has his way with the nearly thirty furs sitting along the lake’s shore, shoving them down his various orifices as he grows larger with every fur that he shoves down into his insatiable belly and balls. Femboy ferrets, hyper hippos, voluptuous vultures. No one is safe from the drooling maw of the gnollsune. Furs are shoved down the length of his cock, swallowed up by his thick donut, and eaten by his stretchy maw. No fur is safe.

By the time Spidey is done gorging on the lake’s loungers, he is laying down on his massive stomach, supporting the massive weight of his upper body, as his shaft shot heavy shots of pre across the shore of the lake, his cum clouding up the pristine waters of the lake. His belly splays feet out to his sides as upward of forty-two furs fought for space within the taur’s expansive belly, pressing against his stomach walls as they search for a way to escape their fleshy prison, of which they would never find. His massive balls that lie behind him are no better, as the globular globes roil constantly as the thirty-seven furs trapped within his orbs press luridly up against each other, pushing against the walls of his sack as they splash around inside the gnollsune’s cum factories. Spidey can’t help but groan in pleasure as every fur pushes against his various extremities, arousing him further as they urge more pre to shoot out of his shaft.

But that is enough play time for now. It is time to have some more fun.

Spidey can feel as sparks move along his paws, before pressing his paws into the form of his stomach, also pressing a sparking hind paw against his gargantuan orbs as they rest heavily against the ground with the forms of all the furs. The sparks run along his body, feeling as a tingling sensation spreads throughout his balls and body.

The effects of the sparks make themselves readily apparent, as Spidey takes a look down at the squirming mass of his gut, seeing the desperate paws of the furs pressing against his stomach slowly dissipate, their bodies quickly being converted into fattening sludge that disperses it across Spidey’s body. Rolls of fat form on his belly as tens of pounds are added on every second, his belly splaying out even more to the side as his body piles on the weight. His belly isn’t the only thing that is affected as fat spreads itself across his body, moving to his upper half as pounds are added onto his upper belly, the fat surging outward as rolls are added onto his frame. His arms and legs aren’t left out, as flab spreads itself along their surface, causing a lot more jiggle to be added onto his frame. With every fur that is digested, tens of pounds must have been added onto the taur’s frame, swelling outward with glorious fat that fully encompasses his shaft.

His body wasn’t the only thing that gained weight though, as his balls swell outward as all of the furs inside quickly digest into a thick slurry of gnollsune cum that roils restlessly, just waiting to be released out into the world. His massive cum tanks rest heavily on the ground, his balls churning their pent-up load as the only thing that is on Spidey’s mind now is to empty his burgeoning balls.

Spidey picks himself up from his lying position, his extremely fattened body complicating the process, but only barely as he walks toward the edge of the lake, his massive belly and balls splay out behind him, as he waddles toward the lake, his newfound fat causing a bit of a gait to appear in his steps, as he drags his belly and balls toward the lake’s edge. Once Spidey reaches the edge of the water, he begins to hump back and forth against his belly, rubbing his black shaft against the soft fat of his belly. Large spurts of pre shoot into the water of the lake, the pristine blue quickly becoming cloudy as every shot of cum dilutes the water. With every heavy hump forward against his belly, another heavy shot of pre shoots into the lake. The water of the lake slowly starts to rise as every shot of pre slightly fills up the lake.

Spidey’s cumshots get heavier with every hump against his supple belly, the stream of opaque fluid shooting out of his head intensifying as the water of the lake slowly rises, yet his balls never shrink. In fact, the stimulation from humping against his belly urges him on even faster, as he can feel every rope of cum travel up his urethra, before being shot into the once beautiful waters of the lake. This continues on for several minutes, as the lake’s water slowly rises with the added gallons of cum. Spidey can feel as he gets closer and closer to his edge, the feeling of his hard shaft against his supple flesh feeling perfect to his lust crazed mind. He can feel as his balls tense up, the giant orbs pulling up against his crotch as he can feel the gallons of cum already surging up his shaft, as he lets out a roar in triumph.

To say that the output of the taur was impressive would be an understatement of the sheer output contained within the gnollsune’s balls. The stream of cum surging out of Spidey’s balls is only comparable to that of a fire hose, the near constant deluge of cum shooting into the water of the lake causing massive waves to splash up onto the adjacent shore, as the veritable flood part the waters in the lake. The constant stream of liquid only increase in intensity with every cum shot that explodes against the lake’s surface, multiple gallons surging outward with every passing second as the lake’s water starts to touch against the bottoms of Spidey’s foot paws, the weird mixture of cum and water splashing against the taur’s ankles as his meat pillar continues to unload the contents of his cum factories into the extremely receptive lake.

Minutes pass by as Spidey continues to unload in the lake, and by the time he is done, the lake is a cloudy white, as the only thing that remains of the once beautiful lake was a mixture of his lurid mixture, and the once clear water. He looks across the area of the campsite, only to see an inch-thick layer of cum spreading across the entire campsite, the trees surrounding the immediate area of the lake covered in the taur’s baby batter, and the ground completely saturated by his impressive output. His blue eyes fall upon one individual left out of the chaos, a singular fox resting on the bench, right where he left him.

Spidey got up on shaky foot paws, still tired from the giant cumsplosion that floods all throughout the campsite. He turns his heavy body to walk toward the fox, urging himself forward as his still massive belly and balls drag heavily behind him, the thin layer of cum not helping the taur in the slightest, as his massive body walks toward the fox lying on the bench. His body has changed drastically since he first came here, with folds of fat layering every part of his body, causing every step to have a heavy amount of jiggle to it as his flab shook with every heavy footfall. His balls are no better, as the heavy orbs drag heavily behind, causing a trail in the ground where his balls drag through the moist dirt of the paths leading through the camp.

Spidey made his way towards the fox, looking over his sleeping form. His body has apparently absorbed the small number of victims he had consumed, as the green camp outfit he had on ripped in various places, with his wide hips and heavy moobs having increased heavily in size, pressing outwards against the bench as he snored heavily on the bench. His chest heaved with every intake of breath, as his snoring would have woken anyone up within miles of the campsite.

That is… if there was anyone even left here.

Spidey looks down at the sleeping form of his new friend, and he couldn’t bring himself to try and wake the peaceful fox. He decides instead to lie on the ground right in front of the bench, resting against his heavy fat as he faces the fox. Spidey can’t help but think to himself, “I wonder what he’ll think when he wakes up…”

The gnollsune shrugs his shoulders. No sense in worrying about it now.

Spidey rests his head against his arms, satisfied with his giant meal, as he settles down with his new fox friend, content to just be close to someone he knows, his eyelids growing heavy…



…OH NO…

Right as Spidey is about to drift to sleep next to Amarikano, he can feel heavy cramps running through his body. He gets up quickly, his massive assets dragging behind him as he makes a brisk pace trying to get away from the cabins, his foot paws splashing through the thin layer of opaque fluid as he can feel his intestines working quickly over the slurry of furs that was once in his gut, which has compacted down into a thick knot in his gut, the buildup of scat within his body needing to be released… and NOW.

And Spidey has no choice but to listen to his gut.

Spidey finds a secluded space behind the cabins, directly across the way from his fox friend. He leans forward against the back of one of the cabins as he settles himself against the wooden structure, preparing himself… before starting to push.

As soon as the gnollsune starts to push, he could already feel the tension in his gut start to lessen, feeling as his massive donut stretches wide around the thick log of scat being jettisoned out of his thick tailhole. Spidey has never felt so relieved in his life, as each thick log leaving his donut SPLATS heavily against the ground, the sound of cracking can be heard as the gnollsune taur looks back at the massive pile already forming behind him, the remains of all of the campers littered throughout the massive pile of dung that only seems to grow larger with every passing second, an impossible amount of fecal matter being expelled out of his thick donut as the thick logs coils around each other in the tress behind the cabin. The stream of scat shot out in a near constant stream, coiling up in a perfect pile many feet away from the gnollsune’s massive behind, the many bones scattered throughout the massive pile of dung the only remnants of the once thriving campground, taken down by a hungry Spidey.

Spidey feels the tension in his stomach greatly lessen by the time the pile reaches up to some of the shorter trees. The massive coils of scat press lewdly against each other as steam radiates off of the heavy pile from the cool air concentrated around the campground. As Spidey finally looses the final giant log of scat into the gargantuan pile behind him, his donut relaxing after having released a deluge of scat into the forest behind him. Spidey stares at the massive pile, his eyes falling upon the many furs’ bodies lodged in the giant monument to the gluttony that happened today, a smirk spreading across the gnollsune taur as he looks in pride at his masterpiece.

“Spidey! Are you still here? What happened to this place?!”

Hearing the distant sound of his new friend, Spidey takes one last look at the giant pile behind him, the only reminder of the once thriving camp, as he rushes back to go see Amarikano, dragging his still giant balls and belly behind him, as he rushes to meet up with his friend. The only thought that crosses Spidey’s mind as he ran back to the central area was:

“Now how am I gonna explain this?”
Sky Tower was finally behind them. Bramble panted as he stepped onto the final pinnacle of the roof, the Chikorita setting his foot down without complaint. Maybe other pokemon would have struggled to comprehend a place where cloud morphed itself to the consistency of stone, but after everything he’d been through over the course of his long journey, this was something he could easily adapt to.

His compatriot, Lyn, ascended right behind him. She was a hard-working Charmander who claimed to have once been a human. Somehow, Bramble had never really doubted her; it just seemed to fit.

“Okay, you ready?” he asked. Lyn nodded in response, her flame-tipped tail waving in the air behind him. She had always been a quiet one—but very, very decisive.

The two of them had been tapped to save the world.

There, on the far end of the pinnacle, was the sinuous green shape they had come here to see. Lord of the sky, master of the stratosphere, king of clouds and airstreams: the ancient dragon Rayquaza.

“Come on!” Bramble said, bolting for the dragon. Lyn was hot on his heels. “Lord Rayquaza!” he said, pitching his voice as loud as he could for the sky god’s benefit. “We come to beg your aid! A meteor is plummeting towards the planet. Every living being is in danger!” The coil of green showed no response.

Glancing up, Bramble gulped. Now that they were high up, he could see what had eluded them from the ground: a dot of orange-red light, visible in the sky, coming ever closer. If he focused, he could almost feel its vibrations as rumblings on the wind.

They were running out of time.

“PLEASE, LORD RAYQUAZA!” he yelled, scampering up to put his forepaws on the serpent’s massive hide. “You must listen! WE NEED YOU!”

After another moment’s silence from the deity, Lyn’s voice split the air. “Hold up,” she said, her voice melodic. “Do you feel that?”

Bramble glanced at her, frowning. “Feel wh—”

His query was cut off by an immense rumble, the sound crashing over him like a wave and making the tower tremble as if hit by an earthquake; the force of it caused Bramble’s leaf to flap in the air. The moment it was done, he immediately recognized it: a snore.

Aw, hell.

“We came all the way here and he’s asleep?” he cried. He immediately began smacking Rayquaza with his leaf. “Wake up! Wake up! We don’t have time!” As he fruitlessly tried his puny might against Rayquaza, the Charmander wandered around, inspecting the perimeter of the coiled dragon. “Bramble,” she called, “come over here.”

Trying desperately to beat down a panic attack and not think of the world consumed by meteoric fire, Bramble scampered over. “What is—” he began, only to stutter quiet.

Poking out of his slit was Rayquaza’s pink, serpentine cock—a massive thing easily bigger than Bramble’s whole body.

“What?!” he squeaked. “Why?”

“Looks like he’s having a ‘special’ dream,” Lyn noted, pointing with one claw. From their angle, Rayquaza’s dozing face was more visible, and he looked a bit… excited. He shuffled, his coils twisting against each other, and his cock pulsed momentarily, a (relatively) tiny stream of pearlescent pre dribbling out of the top.

As Bramble stood still, brain trying to process that he was seeing his god in the middle of a wet dream, Lyn glanced at Rayquaza’s cock, squared her shoulders, leaned up, and lapped up some of the pre.

The effect was immediate. Rayquaza shuffled and groaned, the sound crashing like the sea, and his dick tensed in appreciation.

“What are you doing?” Bramble demanded.

Lyn swallowed her mouthful of juices and went in for another. “Waking him up,” she said. “You saw how he reacted.” She glanced sideways and caught his eye, her tail-fire spiking. “You should help.”

Help? Him? That was—it was—!

Bramble forced down his incredulity and looked skyward. The orange dot was bigger; it was growing by the second.

He couldn’t afford to wait any longer. If he was going to save the world, he had to wake up Rayquaza… by having sex with him.

“Here goes nothing,” the Chikorita muttered, and then he leaned in to press his tongue to Rayquaza’s cock.

It wasn’t bad, thankfully. Just sharp. Musky. Overpowering. The sheer weight of it all pressed in on him and made him nearly collapse. But he had to do this. For the world! Extending his tongue, he lapped at Rayquaza as much as he could. The serpentine god coiled tighter, voice groaning as he felt the pleasure the two tiny pokemon were giving him. In a perverse way, Bramble felt almost proud. Here was a mighty pokemon, a god nonetheless, who was so massive that even his dick was bigger than Bramble’s whole body, and yet a little Chikorita like Bramble was managing to have this effect on him?

He tongued at the still-slick pre coating the god’s member and after a few initial attempts to avoid swallowing any, realized it was a fool’s errand. Soon enough he began slurping it down, throat working as he gulped. Lyn met the corner of his eye, her own mouth busy, and she nodded approvingly.

They kept it up and Rayquaza’s groans became more frequent, more ragged. But on top of that was another sensation—the vibration in the air. It was growing stronger. The meteor was approaching.

“It’s going too slow!” Bramble said—or tried to; his mouth was too full of divine pre. It came out as “Ishgnnngtuhsllew!” Still, Lyn seemed to get the gist; removing her mouth from Rayquaza’s cock with a smack, she glanced up and came to a decision. “Keep it up,” she told him. Before Bramble could ask what she was up to, she started scaling his penis.

It wasn’t that hard of a go; it was only slightly bigger than her, after all. Still, it was quite the feat, and at the top, she glanced at Rayquaza’s tip, where more pre was beading.

His cock was tapered, like that of many reptiles, and the tip was extremely fine, so much so that the very top of it might have even fit into Lyn herself.

Still gulping pre, his belly feeling deceptively heavy, Bramble’s brow furrowed. Wait…

“Lyn, you’re not going to!” he exclaimed. “He’s too big, there’s just no way!”

“The tip will fit in,” she said. “We don’t really have much else to go on, and it’s like you said—time’s running out!”

Bramble glanced up and saw to his distress that the orange dot had doubled in size since last he checked. She was right, they didn’t have a choice. Still. “Be careful!”

Lyn nodded; then, straddling the foremost pinnacle of Rayquaza’s cock, she prepared to slide down.

Bramble watched with wide eyes. He had an exquisitely good vantage point of his partner’s pussy… was it wrong to look? Pokemon were pretty laissez-faire when it came to stuff like this, but still, she was a human deep down…

Meeting his eyes, Lyn smiled, showing she didn’t care, and Bramble swallowed. Well then. He was free to admire. Her slit was small and pert, framed in her tan underbelly by a cradle of warm vermilion skin. The lips weren’t as prominent as those of mammalian pokemon, but as a reptile himself, Bramble had always thought the mammals overdone.

Lining up her hips, Lyn exhaled once, and then slid down. The very foremost tip of Rayquaza’s member, itself larger than the whole cock of several pokemon, juuuuuuuust managed to squeeze into her pussy. She blushed, heaving out a weary exhale, and wriggled her hips, moaning as she worked more and more of him into her. Before long, her tummy was bulging slightly from how much was inside—and yet she was still barely managing to fit even the smallest portion of it!

But despite that, Rayquaza seemed appreciative. The great dragon rumbled in his sleep, shifting and coiling over himself, and if anything, his slumbered breath seemed… shallower. Needier.

“Keep it up!” Bramble urged. Up top, Lyn was bouncing up and down on Rayquaza’s cock, her eyes half-lidded, a deep blushing coloring all of it. The Charmander glanced down at him. “C-can… can d-do…” she said in a voice that was half murmur, half moan.

As he continued to watch his teammate riding Rayquaza, Bramble was aware of a new presence asserting itself between his back legs. His cock was rock hard.

Bramble swallowed. Oh man. He… he liked this. But he couldn’t just sit there and watch Lyn, could he? He needed to help. But using his mouth had only gotten him so far…

“Lyn used her loins,” he told himself. “So can you, Bramble.” Preparing himself, he rose up on his hind legs, straddling Rayquaza’s giant cock, and pushed his meager hardness against it. The sensation of Rayquaza’s dick against his own was an odd but not uncomfortable form of pressure, something that made him groan. Then he began humping Rayquaza’s dick, frotting their penises together, the back-and-forth motion driving him mad.

The sensation upon Bramble was immediate, and he quickly lost himself to moaning as sexual pleasure washed over him, not caring that Lyn could hear or see—of course, similar sounds were coming from up above as she did much the same. The two of them rode it out, him frotting the dragon’s dick and her squeezing as much into it as she could, and a darkly humorous thought settled on Bramble: if they failed, at least they’d go out having a good time.

But it became looking likely that perhaps they wouldn’t fail. Bramble could feel Rayquaza tensing up against him, could feel the tension building, and up above, Lyn (the juices trickling out of her pussy and pooling down Rayquaza’s tip showing that she’d cum at least once) could feel it too.

We’re so close! Bramble thought. He continued humping Rayquaza’s cock, the firmness of it against his own dick driving him wild, pressing him to orgasm. We have to—to—

At that moment, as Bramble swung his hips forward, Rayquaza tensed, and the conflicting pressures were too much for the Chikorita. He sagged down, chest heaving as he came, his modest cum splashing over the dragon. He could only pray Rayquaza was close.

But Lyn knew what she was doing. Her tummy bulging obscenely from the sheer amount of cock she’d stuffed into her, she shut her eyes and visibly clenched, and that seemed to do it. Rayquaza’s voice broke, his slumbering voice arching high over the tower as he tensed even more.

Bramble filled with excitement at the likelihood of them rousing the god—only to suddenly fear for his teammate’s safety. She was at ground zero. “Lyn, get offa there!” he called. The spent Charmander, grunting, wriggled off of Rayquaza’s cock just in time and tumbled down onto the clouds. Mere seconds later, the dragon roared, arching his back, and a veritable fountain of cum sprayed out of him, shooting straight up with the force and ferocity of a geyser. Bramble watched it wide-eyed, finding it to be strangely, almost paradoxically beautiful… only to then realize that even high in the clouds, gravity still applied.

“Duck in cover!” he bellowed, trying to dive to safety. But it was too late—a rain of salty dragon cum splashed down, coating him and Lyn both in layers of glistening white.

Finally spent, Rayquaza groaned awake. “What… who is…” The dragon blinked, spying his own erect penis and the cum-drenched smaller pokemon standing a breath away. “Did you do this?”

“L-Lord Rayquaza!” Bramble bellowed, trying to hold onto even the barest scrap of dignity. “We awoke you to secure our safety! Please, look up—there is a meteor coming!”

At that, Rayquaza glanced up and chuckled. “Ah, so there is. Ready yourselves, you lot! Here it comes!”

And with a ferocious Hyper Beam that pulverized the meteor into dust, Rayquaza saved the world.

Though Bramble, shuddering under the weight of so much cum smothering him, still thought he and his teammate deserved at least some of the credit.

---

Back in Pokemon Square, days passed and he and Lyn (who both had mercifully been given an opportunity to wash before returning home) were feted as heroes. The two of them exulted in the praise and spent a long while basking in the gratitude.

“But say,” Lombre said one day, chatting up Bramble, “how did you convince Rayquaza to intervene, anyway?”

Immediately the phantom taste of dragon pre conjured itself into Bramble’s mouth; he could damn near feel the pressure of Rayquaza’s cock against his. Beating down the immediate heat in his loins and hoping that Lombre didn’t notice his modest erection, Bramble banished the sensations and smiled at the town pokemon. “Oh, you know,” he said. “Just being a hard-working rescue team.”
Later, heading back to Lyn’s base, he grinned—it charmingly took after her own visage. But his smile faded. She’d been feeling a little under the weather lately. Poking his head in, the Chikorita was pleased to see his friend sitting there looking well, though she was oddly rubbing her tummy.
“Bramble!” she said. “I, uh, think I know why I’ve been feeling weird lately.”
“Yeah?” he asked, moving inside.
“Well… you know how I’m a reptile?”
“Yeah?”
“And you know how Rayquaza’s a reptile?”
“Yeah…?”
She glanced at him, raised an eyebrow, and glanced down at her tummy.
The implications of what she was saying hit Bramble like a weight—only for him to immediately laugh them off. “Oh, come on, Lyn,” he said, “don’t you think that’s a bit silly?”
She ignored him, still staring down at her tummy. “I had another dream last night,” she said, voice soft. “About that strange pokemon, Gardevoir. She told me that I was brought here for two duties, and that one of them, stopping the meteor, was over.” She raised her head to meet Bramble’s eyes and smiled. “The other duty was to, uh, ‘bear divine children,’ she said.”
Bramble opened his mouth—found he hand nothing to say—shut it again.
Lyn leaned back with a small laugh. “So I might, um, be taking an extended sabbatical from rescuing. But tell me, Bramble, how good are you with kids?”
It was all the Chikorita could do to avoid fainting right then and there. He hadn’t signed up for this.